–[1978]–(Someone throws a rock at the window of an abandonned house and shatters it. A young girl, Addie, standing on the front lawn of this house turns around.)Bryan : Hey, Troy. You're a dork.Troy : Hey, shut up. Hey, freak.(On his way to the front door, Bryan blow some kisses at Addie who stares back at him)Addie : Excuse me. You are going to die in there.Troy : Shut your mouth, or we're gonna kick your ass!Bryan : We got bats.Troy : I hate trees!(The boys enters the house)Addie : You're gonna regret it. You're gonna regret it. You're gonna regret it.Troy : Yeah!Bryan : Yeah!(While the boys smash everything they found inside with their bats, a song sung by children can be heard)SONG: ♪ I know / I know / You belong / To some / Body new / But tonight / You belong / To me /Although / Although / We're apart / You're part / Of my heart / And tonight / You belong / To me / Just to little old me. ♪Bryan : Troy.Troy : Awesome. (A door swings shut) Go.Bryan : No, you go, shithead.(The boys go down some stairs)Troy : Check it out.(They find a room full of jars filled with human's and animal's parts. Troy picks up a jar containing an ear and drops it. It shatters onto the ground)Troy : It stinks in here. It stinks like sh1t. You remember last summer when we get the raccoon stuck in our chimney? That's what it smells like. Let's go find it.Bryan : No, it smells bad... I'm getting out of here.(Troy go further into the room, poping his crackers, while Bryan turns around, up the stairs. Suddenly, the popping stops. Bryan stops his ascension)Bryan : Troy?(A bottle rolls across floor)Bryan : Troy? Who's down there? Cut it out, Troy. Cut it out.(Bryan finds Troy on the ground, his throat slashed. Troy is reaching out to him, unable to utter anything. Bryan turns around and sees a creature, Infantata, running in their direction. Bryan starts screaming. We are suddenly outside the house, Addie is still on the front lawn)–[Today]–(A gynecologist, dr. Day is examining a woman, Vivien. A nurse is assisting)Dr. Day : So, are your periods regular again?Vivien : Every other month. Not that I'm really complaining. After all that blood. Ben hates blood.Dr. Day : You having issues with arousal?Vivien : Not when I'm by myself.Dr. Day : Lie back. Well, I've recently had some success with women your age using bioidentical treatments and hormones.Vivien : For what?Dr. Day : Well, it's a sort of a preemptive strike. See, your body is like a house... you can fix the tiles in the bathroom and the kitchen, but if the foundation is decaying, well, you're wasting your time.Vivien : What are the side effects?Dr. Day : You can sit up. Well, the... BHRTs are great for your skin, organs. Most of the women I give these to tell me they make them feel ten years younger.Vivien : I don't know. You know, I don't even let my family drink out of plastic bottles. Taking a bunch of hormones when I don't even know what the side effects are, I just...Dr. Day : Feel and look ten years younger.Vivien : I don't need hormones, Doctor. I'm just trying to get control of my body again, after what happened.Dr. Day : And I'm offering you something to help you get that back.Vivien : I'm not a house.Dr. Day : Vivien, what are you so afraid of?———–(Vivien comes home. She puts down her errands on the counters of the kitchen. She hears a soft thud coming from upstairs. She calls the police)Police Officer : 911.Vivien : I have an intruder in my house.Police Officer : Are you sure it's not a member of your family?Vivien : No. Nobody is home.Police Officer : What's the address?Vivien : 35 Drummond Road.Police Officer : We're sending a patrol car.Vivien : Please hurry, please.(Vivien picks up a kitchen knife and goes upstairs. We can hear something squeaking. Vivien slowly opens a door)Ben : Oh, my God. No, Viv. No, no.(Vivien stands still a few seconds, watching inside the room, then turns around. A man, Ben, comes out of the room, trying to stop Vivien)Ben : Viv, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No.(Vivien slashes his arm)Ben : Aah!Addie : You're going to regret it. You're going to regret it. You're going to regret it.-[OPENING CREDITS]-(Vivien, Ben and their daughter, Violet, are driving down a freeway)Vivien : The light is different out here. It's softer.Violet : It's called smog.Ben : You should be excited, Vi. You can stop sneaking cigarettes and just start taking deep breaths.Violet : I need to go to the bathroom.Ben : We're almost there.Violet : I need to go.Ben : Vi, it's a freeway. Really, where do you want me to pull over? Maybe the Honda next to us has a bathroom or something.Violet : Bet if the baby had to sh1t, you'd find somewhere.Vivien : Really? Violet, I hate that word, unless I'm saying it.Ben : I'm really glad we named you Violet, instead of our second choice.Violet : Which was?Vivien : Sunshine.(They all start chuckling)Ben : It's funny. Come on, you gotta admit it's funny.(Ben trys to hold Vivien's hand, but she takes it back)———–(Ben rings a doorbell)Ben : I love it. Don't you love it, hon? I mean, it looks even better than it did online.(We have a view of the house, it's the abandonned house from 1978, but restored)Vivien : Yeah, it's interesting.Violet : Great. So we're the Addams Family now.Ben : Hey, crabby pants. Come here.Vivien : What are you doing?Ben : Isn't this place amazing?(Marcy, the realtor, opens the door)Marcy : Welcome. It's a classic L.A. Victorian. Built around 1920 by the doctor to the stars at the time. It's just fabulous. These are real Tiffany fixtures. As you can see, the previous owners really loved this place like a child. They restored everything.Vivien : Gay?Marcy : What do you think?Ben : Tiffany. Wow.Marcy : Do you cook?Ben : Viv is a great cook. I got her cooking lessons a few years ago, and she ended up teaching the teacher a few things.Marcy : Cooking lessons... romantic. Aren't you a psychologist?Ben : Psychiatrist. You said something on the phone about there being a study that I could use as a home office? I'm planning on seeing patients here, so I can spend more time with the family.Marcy : How refreshing.(Vivien puts her dog down, and it goes running outside the kitchen, yapping)Vivien : Violet, honey, would you go see where Hayley went? Thank you.Violet : What are you yapping at?(after several unsuccesful attempts, Violet gets the door the dog was yapping at to open. She goes down the stairs. Our view changes, from behing some kind of grate, we can now watch Violet looking aroung the basement, then go back upstairs)———–(Marcy is still showing the house to Ben and Vivien)Ben : When I saw the pictures of this room online, I thought maybe you could use it as your music room.Marcy : Are you a musician?Vivien : I was. Cellist...Ben : very good one, in fact.Marcy : Why did you quit?Vivien : This wallpaper is peeling over here. Looks like maybe there's a mural underneath it.Marcy : The last owners probably covered it up. They were modernists. Speaking of the last owners, full disclosure requires that I tell you about what happened to them.Vivien : Oh, God... they didn't die in here or anything, did they?Marcy : Yes, actually, both of them. Murder-suicide. I sold them the house, too. They were just the sweetest couple. You never know, I guess.Ben : That explains why it's half the price of every other house in the neighborhood, I guess.Marcy : I do have a very nice mid-century ranch, but it's in the Valley, and you're going to get a third of the house for twice the price.Ben : Right.Violet : Where did it happen?Marcy : The basement.Violet : We'll take it.———–(A couple of movers carry a couch into the house, while Marcy puts a "Sold" sign on the front lawn stand and sighs heavily)———–(Vivien and Ben are in their bedroom. She is still unpacking)Ben: Come on, babe, let's go to bed. Leave that for the morning.Vivien : I'm a little bit worried about Violet, you know, these kids here are very different. I don't know if she can handle another year of not fitting in.Ben : You mean... you can't?Vivien : Can't believe this place doesn't freak you out a little bit. 'Cause of what happened here?Ben : My repulsion is tempered by the fact that this house is worth four times what we paid for it, so let's not think about it.Vivien : This is your professional advice, Doctor, just denial?Ben : Come on, let me give you a little love. Moving here, buying this house was the exact right thing to do for us and our family. It's a good thing and we deserve some good after all the sh1t we've been through.Vivien : I've got some stuff I want to... unpack down in the kitchen. I appreciate that you're trying. I'm trying, too.Ben : Okay.Vivien : It's just gonna take some time.(Vivien leaves the room)———–(Violet, smoking, is crossing the yard of her new high school. She walks past a group of girls talking)Leah: So I let him.Becca : You coke off your nipples?Leah : They were numb for, like, two days.(Leah sees Violet smoking and walks after her)Leah : Hey! Student council passed a rule against smoking in public spaces.Becca : Secondhand smoke kills.Violet : I'm new, I didn't know.(Violet drops her cigarette end and crushes it)Leah : What the hell is wrong with you? People sit here, they eat here.Violet : You don't know me. Why are you doing this?Becca : Leah's grandmother died of lung cancer. She takes this stuff pretty seriously.(Leah picks the cigarette up)Leah : Eat it... eat it or I'm gonna kick the sh1t out of you.Violet : No. What?Abby : Come on, Leah, that's enough.Leah : No, no, no, I want to see her eat it.Violet : No. No.Leah : Eat it, eat it.Becca : Leah, seriously, she's like 12.(Leah tries to force the cigarette into Violet's mouth, but Violet spits at her. Leah screams)Leah : You are dead! You are dead!———–(Vivien is removing the living room's wallpaper)Vivien : Whoo!Addie : You're going to die in here.(Vivien, startled, screams)Vivien : Who are you? What are you doing? What are you doing here?(A woman, Constance, comes into the living romm)Constance : Adelaide. Adelaide. Adelaide. Adelaide, I put on "Dora the Explorer" for you, so you would sit and watch it.Addie : It was "Go, Diego, Go!" I don't like it.Constance : Oh, brown cartoon characters... you can't tell the difference.Vivien : Excuse me.Constance : Hi.Vivien : Hi.Constance : I'm Constance, your neighbor from next door, and this is my girl Adelaide.Vivien : Hello.Constance : Go home, Addy, now. That girl is a monster. I love her and I'm a good Christian, but Jesus H. Christ. You know, if they had invented some of those tests a few years ago, I would have...Vivien : How'd you get into my house?Constance : You left your back door open. Although I have to tell you, Addie will always find a way in. She has a bug up her ass about this house, always has. You have the loveliest things.Vivien : Thank you.Constance : Have you got a dog?Vivien : I-I do have a dog, yes.Constance : I run a little kennel out of my house, doggy day care kind of a thing.Vivien : How nice.Constance : Well, I prefer purebreds. I adore the beauty of a long line, but there's always room in my home for mongrels. Oh... Oh, my. Look at those earrings. Are those real diamonds? Not that Home Shopping sh1t.Vivien : No.Constance : I used to have diamonds like that. Different pair for every day of the week. Did your husband give them to you?Vivien : He did.Constance : Hmm?Vivien : Mm-hmm.Constance : They always do when you're young and pretty.Vivien : Are you Southern?Constance : Proud Virginian. The Old Dominion, born and bred. Thank you for noticing. I came out here to be a movie star. Did the screen tests and everything, but... nudity was the big deal then. The morals were just beginning to collapse, and I wasn't about to have my green pasture flashed 70 feet high for every man, woman, and child to see, so I took that little butterfly of a dream and put it in a jar on the shelf, and, uh, soon after, came the Mongoloid and, of course, I couldn't work after that.Vivien : It has been so great to meet you. I just... you know, I wasn't prepared for guests at all.Constance : I'm gone. Oh, I brought you this. You know, a little, um, housewarming.Vivien : Thank you.Constance : Addie wanted to bake you a pie, but she tends to spit in the cooking, so I thought this would be better. Help get rid of some of that bad juju. I don't remember your name.Vivien : Right, no, I never got a chance to tell you my name.Constance : Oh.Vivien : My name is Vivien Harmon.Constance : Anyway... relax and enjoy. Let me know if you need any help with that pup.Vivien : Will do.Constance : I'm glad you're getting rid of that wallpaper. I thought those people were supposed to be stylish. It's sage... for cleansing the spirits in the house. Too many bad memories in here.———–(Vivien lights up the sage and wlk down the corridor. She sees a string coming down the ceiling. She pulls on it, a trap opens. She follows the stairs and reaches the attic. She turns on the light and discovers a rubber suit dangling from the ceiling right in front of her. She screams. Ben rushes to her side)Ben : What happened? You okay? Oh, I guess these guys were into the kinky stuff, huh? Would you like to try it on?Vivien : That's not funny.Ben : I think you'd look good in it.(Violet joins them)Violet : What happened? Holy sh1t.Vivien : Let's get rid of it. Come on, let's go downstairs. Come on. Watch the steps.———–(Ben throws the suit into the trash can outside the house)