(Present Day)(Briarcliff)(Outside)Leo: Just look sexy, please.Theresa: Come on.Leo: You always look sexy. God, I'm so happy I married you. What are they going to do to me in there?Theresa: If you stop taking pictures and come inside, we can find out. This place is amazing.(A pair of newlyweds explore abandoned Briarcliff Manor.)Leo: You think we're still going to want to bang each other when we're 80?Theresa: Uh, you better. Otherwise I'm going to leave your a#s.Leo: Wait a minute. I'm the best you've ever had.Theresa: Actually, there was this one guy...Leo: Shut up. Shut up. You are so sexy.Theresa: Come on. Let's go inside.Leo: Last stop on the haunted honeymoon tour.Theresa: Better make it good.Both: Mm-hmm.Leo: ♪ Here comes the bride ♪(Inside the asylum)Theresa: (reading up on it on a smartphone) Built in 1908, Briarcliff Manor was the largest tuberculosis ward on the East Coast. 46,000 people died here.Leo: You think it's haunted?Theresa: They shuttle the bodies out through an underground tunnel called "the death chute." We should totally do it in the death chute.Leo: Oh, my God, you are so demented. I love you.Theresa: What are we going to tell our kids about the honeymoon?Leo: Tell them the truth. How we visited the 12 most haunted places in America and screwed our brains out in every single one.Theresa: Or that Mommy's a horror freak and Daddy lives to make Mommy happy?Leo: Mmm, he does.Theresa: Mm-hmm. (They kiss.) Come on. Let's keep exploring.Leo: All right. We got an hour before sunset. Let's make it quick.Theresa: The Catholic Church bought this place in '62 and turned it into a sanitarium for the criminally insane. Legend has it that once you are committed at Briarcliff, you never got out. Their most famous resident was a serial killer.Leo: Bloody Face. (The walls are covered in graffiti, including "Bloody Face.") (for the camera) Say "Bloody Face."Theresa: Bloody Face.Leo: Teresa! You got to see this penny chair.(They find an old shock treatment room.)Theresa: Oh-ho. Tie my down. I'm sick, Doctor. Can you help me?Leo: I don't know. You seem to have a very bad case of morbid erotica.Leo: Ready for your injection?(They start having s#x on the table.)(They hear a noise.)Theresa: What is that? What is that?Leo: I don't... um...Theresa: What is that? Let's go see.Leo: No, no, no, no...Theresa: Come on. No, come on. Let's go.Leo: You're killing me.Theresa: Promise I'll make it up to you.Leo: No, you swear we're coming back. Promise me we're coming back.Theresa: I promise, I promise.Leo: Okay.Theresa: Maybe it's Bloody Face.Leo: Maybe it's just old pipes.Theresa: You can totally put it in my a#s right now.Leo: Wow.Theresa: Oh, come on. I can't see.(She wants to see through an access panel on a locked door.)Leo: Hey, take it easy. Take it easy.Theresa: What, you scared? P#ssy.Leo: So t#ght. Oh, my God!Theresa: What? What? What?Oh, you are such a prick. You are such a prick.Leo: Speaking of which...Theresa: No, I want to know what's in there. Do it again and I'll bl#w you.Leo: Give me your phone.(Leo sticks his hand through an access panel on a locked door to snap a picture. Something flashes in front of the screen and he screams. When he pulls away from the door, his arm has been ripped off.)-[OPENING CREDITS]-(1964)(Service station.)Kit (pump attendant): That'll be three dollars even.Driver: 30 cents a gallon. You think because you're out here in the toolies you can gouge people?Kit: I don't set the prices, sir.Driver: Kids get a coloring book?Kit: Yeah, that be Texaco.Driver’s wife: Come on, Jack. I just want to go home.Kit: Whoa. Nice. Drive safely. A#shole.(Kit closes up the service station.)(Radio:♪ Do-da-do-do, bow, bow ♪
♪ Do-da-do-do, bow, bow ♪
♪ Do-do-da-do ♪
♪ There goes my baby ♪
♪ Moving on down the line ♪
♪ Wondering where, wondering where ♪
♪ Wondering where she is bound ♪
♪ I broke her heart ♪
♪ And made her cry ♪
♪ Now I belong ♪)(Kit hears a noise.)Kit: Sign says closed.(Radio :♪ What did I do? ♪
♪ There goes my baby ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ There goes my baby ♪
♪ There ♪
♪ There goes my baby, oh-oh-oh... ♪)(He goes to investigate and the lights go out.)Billy: Boo! (Kit sees Billy with a couple other guys.)Kit: Christ, Billy! Trying to get killed? Do you know what I keeps in this cabinet?Billy: Look anything like this? (a gun)Kit: Geez, give me...Give me that.Billy: Oh, oh, oh, oh, Ooh! We just want to borrow it. N#gger try to mess with Randy's little sister.Kit: Are you guys insane?Billy: Come on, Kit. We're just gonna scare him, come with us.Kit: I'm not going with you guys. And neither is the gun. So, just leave.Billy: How much is Al paying you these days? I hear you got yourself a maid. That's what I hear anyway. (Billy takes a bite of a chocolate bar.) Mmm. Chocolate.(They leave, Kit stays alone.)(Kit returns home to his wife, who is black.)Kit: Something smells good, Mrs. Walker.Alma: I'm not to you putting those two words together. But I like it, Mr. Walker.(They kiss.)Both: Aw.Alma: So, how are you?Kit: Good. How are you?Alma: I'm good.(He slips on the wedding ring he hides at home.)Kit: Let's do it, babe. Let's tell everyone. Come on. We didn't commit a crime. We drove to Provincetown and got married. Your family, my folks - they should know.Alma: The world will change one day.Kit: The world is wrong.Alma: We need to keep it a secret.Kit: Baby... it makes me feel like I can't protect my own family.Alma: The roast is just about ready.Kit: That's not what I'm hungry for. (They get in bed.) I can't take... damn it... Oh, babe.Alma: I hope you like your beef tough and dry because that's what I want for dinner tonight.Kit: The first course was delicious.♪ Showing off their silver leaves ♪
♪ As we walked by ♪(They kiss.)Both: Mmm.♪ Soft kisses on a summer's day ♪Kit: Where you going?Alma :To make you dinner.Kit: Okay.♪ They say that all good things must end ♪
♪ ...someday ♪(Kit sees lights outside.)Kit: sh1t! Alma, you stay in the kitchen no matter what, you hear me?(He goes out with his shotgun to investigate.)Kit: I know you're out here, Billy. Stop playing games.(There's a bright white light in the sky.)Alma: Kit!Kit: Alma!(He runs inside.)Alma: Help me! Help me!Kit: Alma!(The place is trashed.)Kit: Alma, answer me! Where are you?(White light everywhere, along with an ear splitting noise.)Kit: Aah!(Windows shatter, the noise stops for a second, then things start to fly to the ceiling. Suddenly, he's yanked up to the ceiling, too, and the noise returns.)(Kit is probed by little green men.)(Asylum)(Main entrance)Lana: (to the guard)Lana Winters from the Gazette. I'm doing a story on your bakery, and I have an appointment with Sister Jude.(Garden, a mentally and physically handicapped woman approaches Lana with a rose.)Pepper: Play with me! Play with me!(Lana pricked her finger with a thorn.)Lana: Ow!Sister Mary Eunice : Pepper, leave the lady alone.Lana: Oh, it's fine. She was only trying to make friends. It was harmless.Sister Mary Eunice : She's not harmless. She drowned her sister's baby and sliced his ears off. Follow me, miss.(Sister Mary Eunice leads Lana inside the asylum.)Patient : No! No! I don't want to go to bed!Sister Mary Eunice : Sister Jude calls this her "stairway to heaven."Patient : Leave me alone!Sister Mary Eunice : A lady reporter...!(Sister Judes’s office. Sister Jude is shaving Shelley's head.)Sister Jude : Told you I would come find you, Sister Mary Eunice. Brush yourself off, Shelley.Shelley : Do you think I'm full of shame and regret for what I've done now, Sister? You could shave me bald as a cue ball, and I'll still be the hottest tamale in this joint.Sister Jude : (to Sister Mary Eunice) Take her to the common room so the others can witness her newfound immaculacy. And next time, knock. (to Lana) Remind me of your name.Lana: Lana. Lana Winters. Can I ask what Shelley did? I assume you were punishing her for something.Sister Jude : I assumed you were here to do a story on our bakery.Lana: Oh, believe me, no one loves that molasses bread more than I do. I toast it for my breakfast every single morning.Sister Jude : Shelley was brought to us having been given the preposterous diagnosis by a psychiatrist comparing her to a wood nymph.Lana: You mean a nymphomaniac?Sister Jude : Just more nonsense from the charlatans. That young woman is a victim of her own lust. There's no other name for it. Mental illness is the fashionable explanation for sin. You said your name's Lana? After the movie star? Now there's a train wreck of a soul. Jennifer Jones, however, there's a true lady. You've seen Song of Bernadette?Lana: Oh, it's a classic.Sister Jude : Yeah.Lana: But at Briarcliff, I hear you're the true star.Sister Jude : Oh, no, not me. The monsignor, Timothy Howard. He's the real visionary. Sit down. You make me nervous. You know what this place was just two years ago? A hellhole!Lana: And I'm told the bakery was your idea.Sister Jude : It was, but it was based on his philosophy. Well, write it down. He believes the tonic for a diseased mind lies in the three "P"s: productivity, prayer, and purification. The bakery's just the tip of the iceberg. Oh, we have such dreams for this place.Lana: Are all your patients remanded here by the state?Sister Jude : Not all. The monsignor's a man of charity. You know where most of our wards come from? The ghetto.(Sister Mary Eunice enters.)Sister Mary Eunice : They said to tell you that the... Oh, I didn't knock. I'm sorry, Sister.Sister Jude : You were sent to tell me what?Sister Mary Eunice : Sent to tell you...Sister Jude : What?Sister Mary Eunice : (whispering)The bad person will arrive any minute.Sister Jude : Thank you, Sister. Well, are we ready for our bakery tour?Lana: She's talking about the maniac, the killer of those women, isn't she? Bloody Face.Sister Jude : Bloody Face?Lana: An eyewitness caught a glimpse of him leaving one of the crime scenes wearing a mask, which appeared to be made of human flesh. I heard he's going to be admitted here today. Is there any way I can meet him?Sister Jude : You're not in the least bit interested in our good works.Lana: Our town's in a collective panic. This maniac is decapitating women, three of them so far.Sister Jude : I see you for exactly who you are.Lana: Three minutes. Give me three minutes with him, and I swear to God I will write an amazing...Sister Jude : Swear to God?! It's rich coming from you.Lana: People want to understand what's in the mind of someone like him.Sister Jude : There's not a pious bone in your body.Lana: Where's the harm in that?Sister Jude : You're out of your depth, Miss Lana Banana. You want a story? Write this down. Your killer is being turned over to us by the authorities until it is determined whether he is fit to stand trial.(The asylum watches as Bloody Face is brought in: it's Kit Walker.)(Kit is stripped, showered, de-liced and strapped to a bed.)Sister Jude : It's an ordeal, I know - our check-in procedures. Though, not a patch on what you put your victims through.Kit: Sister, I didn't kill anybody.Sister Jude : The guards have given you over to my care. Not for correction, but for storage while they weigh your fate. This is not a meat locker. Here, you will repent for your crimes to the only judge that matters: the Almighty God.Kit: There is no God. Not a God who would create the things I saw.Sister Jude : Your story about little green men? No, never will do here.Kit: They weren't human. They were monsters.Sister Jude : All monsters are human. You're a monster. I wonder... did her dark meat slide off the bone any easier than your other victims? (He spits in her face.) You're gonna wish you hadn't done that. (She beats him.)(Kit walks out into the common area, with welts all over his back and legs.)♪ Dominique-nique-nique s'en allait tout simplement ♪
♪ Routier, pauvre et chantant ♪
♪ En tous chemins, en tous lieux, ♪
♪ Il ne parle que du Bon Dieu ♪
♪ Il ne parle que du Bon Dieu ♪Patient : Ass munch!Shelley : Ooh, Sister Jude is on the warpath!Kit: Hey, stop it!Shelley : Can't make the welts go away, but I can make you forget you had 'em.Kit: The nurse already gave me a salve.Shelley : A salve can't cure you like I can... in your session in the hydrotherapy room with me. I speak French... and Greek.Kit: Will you beat it?!Shelley : He's mine. He's mine!♪ Il ne parle que du Bon Dieu ♪
♪ Certains jours un hérétique, ♪
♪ Par des ronces le conduit ♪
♪ Mais notre père Dominique ♪
♪ Par sa joie le convertit ♪Kit: I can't take this.♪ S'en allait tout simplement... ♪French patient : Don't touch that. (to touch the record player) Any one of them will sell you out. They get a piece of candy, you get another five welts on your ass. It's a rule. As long as the common room is open, the song plays. There's a rule for everything here. I learned them all the hard way, trust me.Kit: Why should I trust you?French patient : Because I'm not crazy.Patient : Hey, Bloody Face, you're him, right? You must be the most dangerous man here. I heard you skinned them alive. The last one, a colored girl. I guess you didn't like her color. (He punches Kit.)