(birds singing) Oh.Morning.Here.(laughing) Coffee? Yeah, with a little milk and sugar.My daddy let me try it on my first hunting trip.You get a little older, we'll add a little hooch in there.That'll really keep us warm.(laughs) Hey.There's nothing to be nervous about.Hank Keep your hands steady.Just like we practiced on the range.I just I don't want to miss.Well, then, you won't.I was the same way when I was your age.Worse even.I couldn't keep my breakfast down.Ruined my shirt.Damn near ruined everything.Here you go.We've been hunters for generations.You'll be fine, son.(laughing): Yes.(twig snaps) Shh, shh, shh, shh.(whispers): You stay here.I'll flush her out through the brush.You be ready.You'll get a clean shot.(birds singing) (birds screeching) (gunshot) (anxious breathing, heart beating) (woman crying) (crying) FATHER: Put her down! (crying): Please.No! (breathily): Please.Please.FATHER: Put her down.No! Please! Do it! Put her down! (gasping) (boy gasps nervously) FATHER: Put her down! (crying) Do it! (screaming) (groaning) (gunshot, woman shrieks) (grunts) (grunts) I'm sorry.I'm-I'm sorry.No mercy.Never forget what they are.Delores Davis, when is the last time I had your head in my chair? (laughing) (grunts) We need to talk.You and I ain't got nothing to say to each other.Take your skinny ass and that filthy thing and get out.You don't want to talk to me? Fine.Then give what's in this box a wash and set.Trina! Get Mrs.Davis started for me, will you? I won't be long.(insects buzzing) Jesus Christ.LAVEAU: This better be good.I got six more heads waiting for me up front.That one you can keep.(laughs) What makes you think I want it? You the one dug it up.For information, that was all.Then why'd you keep her around? (insects buzzing) She amused me.Hmm You thought you could use her as a bargaining chip.LaLAURIE: (muffled): What did she say? I can't hear! You shut up! I came here to talk terms.Terms? (laughing) You think it's so easy.Stroll in here and expect we gonna fix this truce? Oh, to hell with the truce.What I'm looking for is an alliance.Your tribe, my coven, joined.LaLAURIE (muffled): Are you insane?! Uh! What the head said.I told you to shut up! You can't make a deal with a darkie! You can't trust 'em as far as you can spit.Like I told the governor.I (muffled grunt) Shut up! Now, we need to stop this petty quarreling.We've got bigger problems than what goes on between us.Last night, outside our academy witch hunters.How many dead? None dead.They missed.Hmm.Too bad.This concerns you and your people as much as it does mine.Don't concern me a bit.Witch hunters is white women's worry.You're making a mistake.I can live with that.Not too sure about you, though.That's good work, that wig.But it's a wig.What kind of cancer you got? sh1t.Come down here 'cause you're weak.Can't protect your own, and expect me to do it for you.You're kidding yourself if you think that after they're done with us they're not coming after you.I'll fret about that when the time come.Right after I pop the champagne.Queenie? Take this filthy thing out back and burn it.I don't ever want to see it again.You, neither.Sweet release! At long last! (cabinet door squeaks open) (sighs) Goddamn it! Could people please not move things?! Some of us are blind! Here it is, Delia.Let me help you.Let me do it! It's my mess! Delia, there's a I need to say something, or I'll simply explode.I need to know for certain that you don't think I did this to you.I remember the first day Fiona dropped you off here.You were like a baby bird, pushed too soon from the nest.Do you remember what you asked me? Will you be my mother now? I've always loved you like a daughter.Wrap your arms around me, dear girl.Use your power of sight, and you'll see that I could not have done this terrible thing.No.I won't.I don't need magic to tell me what I already know.I know you would never hurt me.I never doubted you for a second, and I told my mother that.My mother set you up.My blindness gave me real vision, but it's of no use to me now.Not when there are witch hunters right outside our door.Darling if I could pluck my own eyes out of my head and gift them to you, I would.I know.Hank.David.Good to see you.I thought you were in Europe.We had a flare-up with the Cromwell Coven in North Hampton.Nothing a few silver bullets couldn't take care of.Oh.Corporation keeps you busy, now that he's made you the official right hand.I know you were hoping to be named, - but your father has other plans for you, Hank.Right.Am I still in the will? (laughs) You'll always be his son.Come on.He's ready for you.HANK: Hello, Father.Coffee? No, thanks.Never acquired a taste for it.Well, I'll get right to it.We're not happy with your progress in New Orleans.David tells me you're no longer living at the academy.A lot of things have happened.Some of them out of my control.Allying yourself with Marie Laveau, the Voodoo Queen, that was out of your control? I took some initiative.I had a plan to bring them both down.The Witches and the Voodoos.You don't take initiative, Hank.You follow orders.Your only job is to gather intelligence.You don't get your hands dirty.You're the man on the inside.That's why you're married to Cordelia Goode.Yes, Father, I-I just thought that Don't think.You'll just end up getting somebody killed.I thought that was the point.I'm much more capable than you think.You're referring to the firestarter you terminated in Baton Rouge? I found the witch, killed her, then got rid of the body.In a hotel room! You used a credit card! It could have been traced to The Corporation.I had to send David down there to clean up after you.An innocent desk clerk and a maid lost their lives because you were sloppy.Hank you need to understand, your father's not only the head of The Corporation, he's the CEO of a major financial institution.The liberals in Washington are just looking for an excuse to sic the FEC on companies like Delphi.Your recklessness puts everything we've worked for at risk.I thought we were still Witch Hunters.The hunt isn't only about the kill.A good hunter stalks his prey with care, and only strikes when the time is right.We need you back inside that house.That may be a problem.Somebody blinded Cordelia, a-an unknown attacker threw acid in her face.DAVID: Not unknown.We authorized that.We wanted to make sure she needed you.You disfigured my wife? Your wife? (laughs) Tell me you don't actually have feelings for her.Tell me, son! You haven't forgotten what she is.What you are? I'm part of a Sacred Order.A soldier in a shadow war.A war that has been raging since before the time of Salem.We are a Brotherhood pledged in blood, dedicated to stamping out the pestilence of witchery on the North American continent.Don't think I don't appreciate the sacrifices you've made.I know how confusing it can be to pretend to love someone who is your enemy.But you can never lose yourself to the lie.'Cause someday she will have to be put down.What a marvelous invention.So clever.So, before we move on to our lobster poché beurre, a little melon ball palate cleanser.(chuckles appreciatively) Remember back in the day, Pembie? We'd always be served a palate cleanser at Sunday supper.Such a sensible tradition.Nobody bothers anymore.Now, Myrtle, Pembie and I were just saying in addition to how thrilling it was to get your phone call, we-we I've we've just had such terrible regrets about the whole misunderstanding.QUENTIN: And we cannot get over your skin.PEMBROKE: Ah.No burn scars.You look younger than ever.We-we've got to hear all about this Misty Day and her magical mud.Should we be looking into it? Selling it, perhaps? (laughing): Oh! My God (chuckles) You miss the point, darling.The swamp mud is a metaphor, her metaphor.She's a sophisticated witch with extraordinary gifts, hiding out as a hippie swamp rat.From humble hillbilly stock, she's been a witch since birth, her power and humanity separating her from everyone around her.In fact, those around her have tried endlessly to destroy her, in order to mask their own evil purposes.Yet she rose from the ashes, stronger than ever, more fully realized.A living testament to the greater ideals of our coven.Power, compassion, and uniqueness.We are lucky to have found her, and she us.It resonates with my own story, doesn't it? Myrtle, I want to toast you for your spirit of f (stammering): give Forgiveness, you say? Forgiveness is, and always will be, the high road (glass shatters) the preferred road.Would that we had such luxury.(glass shatters) (struggling to speak) Oh Quentin.Not to worry.It's just a bit of monkshood in your balls.Causes temporary paralysis."Human Statue Syndrome," we call it.I believe it's the nervous system first.You lose control over your limbs, the muscles harden into cement, and it feels like ice in your veins.Then the respiratory system.Or is it the other way around? Well, no matter.It's supposed to be quite terrifying.Is it? Are you terrified? You should be.At any rate, I'm not going to kill you.Well, maybe after dessert.I put a lot of effort into the key lime pie.I do love a key lime pie, even more than a ile flottante call me a Philistine! Enough chit-chat.You've both wanted to eliminate me for years, so you could dominate the Council.But I was never worried you'd be hapless enough to try.Quentin! You're a fatuous fool and a drunk! Pembie, you're even worse.You're weak-willed, boring, and your fashion faux pas give me nightmares.I invited you here not to chastise you or exact revenge, but to help out the coven.To help out my beloved Cordelia.(laughs) I bet you thought, "Oh, she left the melon baller in there.She's growing old and forgetful." MYRTLE: I had a Turkish Angora cat who was born with one brown eye and one blue.She was absolutely gorgeous.CORDELIA: Oh, my God I can see.CORDELIA: I know you had the best of intentions, but you could've asked me first.MYRTLE: Delia, does one ask a drowning man before throwing him a life preserver? Who let this charcoal briquette back in? Oh, sweet Jesus.He gets no credit.It was I who restored our beloved Cordelia.You're not witch enough to pull off something this delicate.Oh, but you're wrong.I'm more witch now than I ever was, and I've got you to thank, Fiona.Being burned at the stake was an empowering experience.There are secrets in the flames, and I came back with more than a few.You couldn't find two that matched? Why do they look so familiar? The generous donors wish to remain anonymous.Well, if she gave you two new eyes, it's out of guilt for having blinded you.Hurl your baseless accusations.They have no power now.You could still end up in an ashtray, you know.You're the one that should be put to the stake.You murdered Madison Montgomery.Well, that's going to be a hard one to stick, Myrtle.The girl's not dead.Not anymore, and no thanks to you.You were the one found guilty of a capital crime.I don't care if you did survive the stake.I could have you banished.Permanent exile.You know what that means, Myrtle-- (laughs) Paramus, New Jersey-- toxic waste outlet malls You wouldn't dare.Ha.I could call an emergency meeting of the Council right now.Good.Call the Council.Good luck.I hear they're not seeing anyone right now.Stop it! Stop it! Right now.Like it or not, Fiona is your Supreme, and you need to start treating her like one.And you You need to stop accusing Auntie Myrtle.We both know she's not the one who blinded me.The real danger is outside these doors, not inside.I'm tired.I need to lie down.When the girls get in, make sure they stay in.It's dangerous out there.Of course, baby bird.You go rest your new eyes.We'll see to absolutely everything.Wait Hug me again.Of course I will, my darling girl.Nothing.My visions They're gone.You can't smoke in here, Madison.Why don't you go tell someone? Ugh, sick people really gross me out.We've been looking everywhere for you.Nan, it's time to go.Cordelia wants us all back at the house.I need to see Luke.You haven't seen him yet? You've been here since last night.His mother won't let me.That's bullshit.(beeping) (door opens) NAN: Luke? Who said you could come in here?! Get out before I call security! She just wants so see him.Absolutely not.It's your fault my son is in a coma! You brought this darkness into my home! Luke says, "Calm down."Don't have a fit.Like at the lake last summer?" When did he tell you that? Now.You're a liar or a lunatic.No, bitch, she's clairvoyant."Regard not them that have familiar spirits who consort with demons to be defiled by them." ZOE: Nan's not talking to a demon.She's talking to your son.I don't believe it! You're mocking my grief.Not your grief.Maybe the outfit.God works in mysterious ways, Joanie.Roll with it.NAN: He likes that song.The one that you sang to him before.That proves you're a fraud.I didn't sing.I read to him from Deuteronomy.(whispering): When I was eight When he was eight when I broke my arm when he broke his arm "A Closer Walk"? How can you know that? We told you, she's a mind reader.We're witches.Haven't you figured that out by now? ZOE: Come on, Nan.She doesn't deserve your help.I am weak But Thou art strong Jesus, keep me from all wrong I'll be satisfied as long as I walk Let me walk close to Thee Just a closer walk with Thee Grant it, Jesus, is my plea Daily walking close to Thee Let it be Dear Lord, let it be When my feeble life is o'er Time for me will be no more Guide me safely, gently o'er To Thy kingdom's shore, to Thy shore.LaLAURIE: Ooh, hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo.You bring nibbles? I'm starving.Girl, you ain't got no stomach.What are you gonna do, chew it and sh1t it out of your neck? Time for some sensitivity training.What fresh hell is this? Roots: The Saga of an American Family.You are gonna watch all eight hours of it, followed by the sequel , Roots: The Next Generation.Why don't you just throw my head in that fire pit? I wanna die! I'm ready.Believe me, I'd love nothing more than to melt your ugly face right off your skull, but you are ignorant.And you're not leaving this earth until I educate you about those people you tortured: my people.(mouthing) We're gonna have ourselves a little film festival.You're gonna watch Mandingo, The Color Purple, and then my personal favorite-- BAPS, starring Miss Halle Berry.But first, based on the best-selling novel by the great black writer Alex Haley-- one family's epic story, from slavery to freedom-- (video playing) Oh, God Roots.(humming along to tribal music, playing on video) No, no, no, not that jungle music.Enjoy.No, wait a minute! No, no, no, turn it down! Oh, Lord! Oh, no! Oh I wish I was in the land of cotton Old times there are not forgotten Look away! Look away! Look away, Dixieland (screams) (screaming) (bones crack) (screaming) (screaming continues) Marie Laveau sends her regards.What's happening to me?! You're feeling the wrath of broken promises.Where are the heads of the white witches? I'm trying! (groans) (phone rings) They die tonight or the next needle I use will put a hole in your heart.You understand me? I understand.(panting) STEVIE NICKS: Temptation falls in your path (humming along) No hesitation, "Why?" you ask I didn't know bay leaves had magic in them.They provide protection.Asafetida banishes evil.(sniffs) Oh, wow, that's some stinky sh1t.(laughs) Now, you never use this unless under extreme circumstances.Looking good.Kind of woman that loves you Hey, can I try the incantation this time? Go for it.Bagahi laca bachahe.Lamac cahi achabahe.Karrrelyos.Stronger intent.Lamac lamec bachalyos.Cabahagi sabalyos Baryols.Damn! That is so cool! (laughs) We make a great team.Now we need to make some more of this for everyone.Go get some more of that mud back there.In heaven kind of woman that'll haunt you You're such an awesome leader, Miss Cordelia.I've got so much to learn from you.Fiona is the leader of this coven.Is to be in heaven I know, I know Hey.Well, sh1t.I meant to change the locks.You have your sight back? Oh oh, my God.Did Fiona do this? Let go of me.I said let go.You're drunk.Yeah, I needed the courage to come back.Hey, hey what do your eyes see? Can you see my heart? Can you see it's bleeding? That I'm living in a hell of regret and remorse? My life has no meaning without you.What will it take, Delia? More than you've got.(footsteps approach) Who's this? Hey.I'm Misty.Can we have this conversation alone, please? Don't leave, Misty.She and I have much bigger concerns than this conversation.I've told you how I feel.Take your stuff and leave.No, I'm not going anywhere.I'm your husband! This is my home! Not anymore.I've spoken to a lawyer.I'm filing for divorce.That's bullshit! You got to listen to me.All I want is to protect you.I know you don't believe it, but that's all I've ever wanted to do.Your sh1t's in a box in the closet.Get it, and then get out.(snarling) Endora, heel.Good girl.You got a dog? Well, one dog moves out, another moves in.You know, it's the cycle of life.But you hate animals and all other living things.Well, that's true, but we needed some protection around here.I know that.Why do you think I came back? You? (laughs) Protect? Really? You know why I got a female attack dog? Because bitches stick together? Because females are more loyal and aggressive when it comes to protecting their families.Good to see you, Hank.(dog yowls softly) What is it, girl? What's in there? It's another goddamned boy.Jesus, these girls.(dog licking) Dog (chuckles) You have to leave now.Come on.Come on.(Endora wails, neck snaps) You're a miracle, Nan.I'm not certain I know how to thank you.I'm sure this isn't enough.But in truth, nothing could ever be enough.You've given me a gift that can never be repaid.I confess I had dark moments.The thought of losing my son shook me to the core.I questioned my faith in the Almighty.But you have given me a ray of hope.Luke says there is a God.And that he's judging you.For my lapses of faith? For what you did to his father.His father?! God says my father's death was no accident.JOAN: Why does he say that? Dennis died of anaphylactic shock.God knows all.He's shown me the truth.Joan, I've said all I have to say.I can't accept that.Well, you'll have to.I want to be a good father.I I still want to be in Luke's life.But we're done.Maybe one day you'll understand.(alarm chirps) (yells) (alarm chirps) (grunting) (alarm chirping) LUKE: God told me you put the bees in the car.You knew Dad was allergic to bees.You knew you'd get away with it.You killed him because he was leaving you.Dad was in love with Mrs.Martone.(passionate moaning) She was in your book club.She wasn't younger or prettier.She just loved him for who he was.BOTH: And that was the last straw.God says you're going to pay.You don't speak for my son.He's been in that bed fighting for his life.This has all been some dark-sided trick.You leave us alone.Get out! (door opens, slams) (heavy breathing) (clicking) (breathing deeply) FIONA: My turn.KYLE: My turn.FIONA: No, now it's your turn.KYLE: My turn.FIONA: Christ.Gin.sh1t! Would you like to play another hand? Yeah, you just keep dealing till I win my money back.And yours, too.Kyle? What did you do to him? Well, since none of you girls can play cards worth a damn, I took the liberty of sprucing up your boy.Just a touch.You mean you fixed him? Well, I wouldn't go that far.I mean, he's not all there, but he's okay.(chuckles) FIONA: What we need is a guard dog.One who will attack on command.Deal! Yeah! Kept my eyes shut tight the entire time, foul negress.I didn't see a bit of it.I'm not surprised.You kept your eyes closed your entire life.Can't keep your ears closed though.Not without no hands to cover them.Oh, freedom What is that heinous caterwauling? Something my grandma used to listen to.If this doesn't touch your soul, you don't have one.When will my perdition end? When you learn something.And before I'd be your slave You're one stubborn old lady head, you know.I got to go.Buried in my grave (door closes) Go home, my Lord And be free Okay, all right, love.Now, what we gonna do? Meet me at the wash bowl.Queenie.In my shop, when you early, you on time.And when you on time, you late.Now, what you been doing upstairs? Watching TV.Sit your ass down and get yourself to work.That phone ain't gonna answer itself.(chuckles) And be free Oh Freedom Oh Oh-oh-oh Freedom Freedom Oh-oh, freedom.Freedom Oh, freedom Oh-oh-oh, freedom Over me Over me, yeah (screaming) And before I'd be a slave Be a slave I'll be buried in my grave Buried in my own grave (screams) And go home Home To my Lord and be free Oh-oh, freedom Oh-oh-oh Freedom Freedom Oh, freedom (screaming) Oh-oh-oh, freedom Freedom Over me Over me, yeah And before I'd be a slave Before I'd be a slave I'll be buried in my grave Buried in my own grave And go home to my Lord Home And be free Oh-oh, freedom Oh Oh-oh Freedom Freedom Oh-oh, freedom Oh, freedom Oh, freedom Oh-oh-oh, freedom Over me Over me, yeah And before I'd be a slave Be a slave I'll be buried in my grave Buried in my own grave And go home Home To my Lord and be free No No more weeping (crying) No more weeping No more weeping No more weeping over me No more weeping Over me And before And before I'd be a slave I'll be buried I'll be buried in my grave And go home to my Lord You murdered Dad.No.(crying) No, no, no, no.No, no, no.Go back to sleep, baby.Go back to sleep.I'll be buried in my grave I'm going home And go home to my Lord And be free.(knocking on door)