The DeadMAN (drunkenly): ♪ Meet you all the way ♪ Yeah, ah(humming)♪ Take you all the way
♪ Do-do-do
♪ Rosanna, yeah
♪ Take you all the way(song plays in the background)♪ Ooh-hoo-hoo(laughs)♪ Oh, yeah
♪ Take you all the way
♪ Oh, yeah...Seriously.Toto is amazing.Toto sucktitude.I will not argue about this, bro.Toto is amazeballs.Shut up about your incredibly gay crush on your incredibly gay band and get over it.(scat singing)Seriously. Kyle, what are you gonna get?Look, check mine out.I see.It means "Beginning and End."You know, dude, most of those don't even mean what the chart on the wall says they mean.You might have "I'm a freaking idiot" on your leg right now.(laughter) Seriously. You're going to go out for Chinese food in a pair of shorts, and the whole wait staff is gonna be laughing their asses off at you.BILLY: What the hell does "Beginning and End" mean, even if that is what it says?JIM: It's my life philosophy. It means, live right goddamn now.You're full of sh1t.(laughter)Yeah, seriously, Kyle, get something.No, dude. My mom would kill me. Oh, it's cool.Oh, I'd totally bang her to take her mind off of it.(laughs)Oh, I got plans.I'm not going to grow up and work for Daddy, or sell pot to undergrads all my life.You guys know why the levees broke during Katrina?'Cause the little Dutch boy ran out of fingers?The levees were built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.But they built them for sh1t.And where I'm from still hasn't recovered, and probably never will.BILLY: What in the hell does you getting a tattoo have to do with Katrina?I'm going to be an engineer.And I'm going to make sure sh1t like that never happens again.I don't want to walk into some big meeting with a mayor or a governor and roll up my sleeves and have a little Saints logoor a... or a Wile E. Coyote or anything that's gonna make him think that I'm anything other than his knight in shining armor.I got one life, and I'm not wasting it.I think it's a pretty cool idea, Kyle.Thank you, Jimmy.Thank you. Yeah, I do, too.That's why I want to wish you the luck of the Irish.I didn't know you were Irish. I'm not.You can't drink or fight. You're a little bitch.It looks good, right?(crying)(grunting)(crying)(loud sobbing)(whimpering)(yells, mutters)(crying)I... (panting)Ooh. Wh...?(panting)(slow, labored footsteps)What am I...?(crying)MADISON: I am a Millennial.Generation Y.Born between the birthof AIDS and / , give or take.They call us"the Global Generation."We are known for ourentitlement and narcissism.Some say it's becausewe're the first generation where every kid gets a trophyjust for showing up.Others think it's becausesocial media allows us to post every time we fartor have a sandwich for all the world to see.But it seemsthat our one defining trait is a numbness to the world, an indifference to suffering.I know I did anythingI could to not feel.s*x, drugs, booze.Just take away the pain.Take away my mother andmy asshole father and the pressand all the boys I lovedwho wouldn't love me back.Hell, I was gang raped,and two days later, I was back in classlike nothing happened.Most people never get overstuff like that, and I was, like,"Let's go for Jamba Juice."I would give everythingI have or will ever have just to feel pain again,to hurt.Thank God for Minor LeagueFiona and her herb garden.One advantage of beingkind of dead is that you don't haveto sweat warning labels.There was this one brown liquid that I thought made my nipplestingle for a second, but I thinkit was psychosomatic, because I polished off the restof it and didn't feel sh1t.I tried every eye of newtand wing of fly until I found somethingthat made me not look like Marilyn Mansonanymore.(sighs)And that's the rub of allof this, isn't it?I can't feel sh1t.I can't feel anything.We think that painis the worst feeling.It isn't.How can anything be worse than this eternal silenceinside of me?I used to not eat for days.Or eat like crazy, and then stick my fingersdown my throat.Now, no matter how muchI binge, I can't fill this holeinside me.I can't take it anymore.I think I'm going batshit.I need to do something.(crying)Hey.(muttering)(whimpers)You know how this has to go, right?(quiet muttering)You were a great guy, Kyle.But you died.(grunts) I didn't let you go when I should have.(panting)I don't understand my power yet.(gasps)It's new.I used it to bring you back.(crying)You killed your mother, Kyle.(sobbing)There's only one way left to fix this.(grunting)(gasps)(yelling)(grunting)(yelling)(whimpering)(mutters)No!(grunting)(panting)(muttering)(crying)No.(sobbing)I don't want you to die.(Kyle groans)Goddamn nothing!I heard a noise.Thought we had vermin.Ain't no self-respecting rat gonna live here.Ain't nothin' to eat.Nonsense. These larders are bursting to full.Well, that is disappointing.I was feeling a tad peckish myself.MAN: Welcome to Jumpin' Jacks.May I take your order?Who said that?Girl, relax. It's just a guy at the window.Let me get two Jumpin' Jacks with cheese, two fries, large, and two strawberry cyclones.Would you care to super size your order for $ . ?Do we dare?(laughs)Hell, yeah!Lord in heaven, the most delicious food I have eaten in my entire life!And that's saying something.(laughs)I know, right?I'm starting to understand why you're so enormous.You're not exactly svelte yourself, okay?I didn't mean to give offense.Yeah, but you do, Miss Daisy.All the damn time.It's this century.It still does perplex me so.You think I'm any less perplexed?I dragged my ass all the way here from Detroit to be with my, quote, "sister witches."And instead, I'm sitting in a fast-food parking lot at : in the morning with an immortal racist.(laughs)How did that happen?Those girls-- they're never gonna see you as their sister.Let me guess. 'Cause I'm fat?No, ma chère.'Cause you're black.Black as coal.(phone ringing)Hello?sh1t. It's late.Hank.I miss you, baby.I want to come home.Go to bed, Hank.I'll see you soon, baby.CORDELIA: Delphine?Delphine?Delphine?(soft thudding)(footsteps)Spalding?Who is it?I know you're there.Whoa! Whoa! Hold it there!Madison.MADISON:Stop yelling at me!Do it! Do it! Do it!(screaming)(gasps)(gasps)Oh, my God.(gasps loudly)Fiona.I wasn't expecting company.I wasn't expecting Buckingham Palace.A woman like yourself deserves to be surrounded by beauty and grace.(jazz plays)Sit down.All I have to offer is some decent bourbon, and hopefully, good company.The reason for living was to get ready to stay dead a long time.Faulkner.As I Lay Dying.I get it.You're not just any old broke-down sax man, you're a college-educated one.I've led a... solitary life.(laughs)Come on, you don't really expect me to believe that.You know, when I was coming up in the clubs, uh... musicians weren't so respected.Hmm.They were considered, uh, poor, indigent, and had to be content, uh, being the back-door man... never invited to stay the night.It's more dangerous that way.Yeah.And you like danger.I can tell that about you.And I like it.Who's he?We call him Prince.Prince of the Ivories.I hope you understand, Fiona, that this is a... a rare night, uh, a celestial creature like yourself, uh... gracing this humble abode.In short... hot damn.(both laughing)You're gonna have to excuse me a minute.It's not very inviting in there.Yeah.Ugh...AXEMAN: Another bourbon?Absolutely.AXEMAN: Is the bourbon smooth enough?(chuckles)Women don't usually like a harsh whiskey.Well, never assume anything about me.My taste in whiskey, or... men.May I assume... that you'd like to kiss me?(whispering):This was a mistake.I ran out of sleeping pills.It was a bad idea.Don't go.This is not just a one-night stand.That is exactly what it is: a one-night stand.It could be our destiny.(laughing):No...Do you actually think my destiny is here in this roach-infested shithole?Well, life is full of surprises.Well, I've had enough surprises for two lifetimes.I'm through with surprises.Were you surprised that you wanted to kiss me?Oh...No, you don't want anything to do with me.I am a wretched human being.A miserable, mean goddamn bitch, I always have been.I've had three husbands.I've destroyed every decent relationship I have ever had, including one with my daughter.Love transforms.Come on, you don't believe in love.Okay, let's table love, then.What about s*x?Good, old-fashioned, great s*x.(laughs)You know, that's why I took up the saxophone.You really are good with the ladies.Oh, I'm good.(laughs)The joke was they always watched the bass player.But they should've watched my fingers on the keys...(giggles)(playing jazz melody)...my body in perfect synchronization...(laughing)...an extension of my instrument...(plays low notes)...no effort at all, just one with it.The way my lips and tongue wrapped around my instrument was... impeccable.My embouchure...(laughing)...that's how I calibrate, hit those clear, high notes.(playing upbeat jazz)(Fiona laughing)(grunts)I want to trust you, Kyle.You need to learn how to communicate.When you're hungry, when you're tired, when... when you feel like you might do something bad.When you're hungry, I want you to say "food.""Food."Food.Good.When you're tired, you can say... you can say "bed."Not!S...stupid.I know you're not.You're not stupid.Mm-mm.Everything you know, it... it's stuck in your head.I'm trying to help you, so you can function like a person.(screams)No!Stop. Shh.(grunting, shouting)Jesus, who's this?Don't you remember?It's Kyle.We used a spell, brought him back to life?You killed him.Oh, uh... Cordelia wants to see you.Uh, actually, that would be impossible, but she does want to talk.She knows you're alive?She knows a lot more than you think.Go. I'll take care of him.Huh?Looks like we had to put you back together.Lucky I picked out all the best pieces.(shouts)(yells)You were dead.So was I.I didn't see a light, did you?Mine was cold and dark... and then nothing.But we both came back.To this.Somehow, it feels more empty here.You know exactly how I feel.(sniffs)You've been wondering if it was worth the trouble.And I've been wondering the same thing.(sniffling)♪ You say you're leavin'♪ Won't be back no moreLAVEAU: Here, Walter.You got some good ones for me today?(chuckles)Ooh...Yeah... give me three of them.(laughs)Are you gonna come in?Or you just gonna stare from the doorway, Queenie?How do you know my name?Black witch come to town, I'm gonna hear about it.Surprised it took you this long to come see me.You doin' some kind of voodoo with them fish heads?It's Sunday night.I'm makin' gumbo.♪ You have somebody elseI never even had gumbo.Not surprised.Livin' over there in wonder bread land.They probably feed you Shake 'n Bake and watermelon for dessert.Hmph.They don't care that I'm black.I just think that... they just don't like me.Oh... they care plenty.Hmph.Their power is built on the sweat of our backs.The only reason you and I in this country is 'cause our great-great-grandpas couldn't run fast enough.We'll never be welcome here.And those witches are the worst.They're not so bad.No?Even right now, they got evil sleeping under their roof, eatin' alongside of 'em.I locked that horror in a box and buried her in the ground.Fiona Goode digs her up, gives her a warm bed and three meals a day.Delphine?Fiona made her my slave.Slave's too good for her.You heard the stories, I'm sure.That ain't the half of it.Ask her what she done.You ask her.Then you see.You want to come live with us?With your own people?The price of admission is Madame Delphine LaLaurie.Bring her to me, and you will have a home.I never said I wanted to come join you.