MAN: There it is.Another one.Every hook I baited with that jerk chicken got a gator.It's the odor, I tell you.You can blind the alligator, he can still hunt for food, but you block up his nose, he'll starve to death.Yeah, but he'd die first from not being able to breathe.Yeah, either way it's a death sentence.We got a lot of skinnin' to do before sundown.Come on, come to Papa, baby.Yeah...(gunshot)(bird warbling)("Edge of Seventeen" by Stevie Nicks plays)♪ Just like the white-winged dove ♪
♪ Sings a song♪ Sounds like she's singing What the hell?♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh...Don't look like Fish and Game.Well, we're cooked if she already made the call.We got $ , worth of fines here in the camp.♪ Sounds like she's singing How can we help you, young lady?♪ Ooh, baby, ooh, said oohThis is wrong.All wrong.♪ Like a strand in the wind Murder.♪ In the web that is my own...All rot and black.This will not be forgiven.What do you want, girl?Why would you kill God's innocent creatures?So they can be made into shoes?You think she's one of them goddamn PETA girls?No, she ain't from PETA.You should have stayed away, girl.You play with dead things, you're more than likely to join 'em.(music distorts, fades)Not all dead.(trilling)(man yelling)(screaming)(muffled screaming)(music resumes)♪ Desire to please♪ On the edge of seventeen...(water gurgling, insects trilling)(whooshing)♪ La, la, la-la, la-la...Rise and shine, ladies.It's time for morning gathering.♪ La, la, la-la, la-la...I expect you both downstairs in five minutes.Shall I come in this?(sighs)My God, get over it already.He spent his summers volunteering for the United Way.(knocking)Oh. He should be canonized.Fiona? I know you're home.How can you be such a bitch?Because I understand people, and that guy would have happily taken a turn on me if he had the chance.No, that's bullshit.He wasn't like that.Those guys were his frat brothers.It's guilt by association.Open the door, Mother.No, I don't accept that.Look, for the sake of peace among roommates, I'm sorry I killed your boy candy, okay?But given your black widow status, he was living on borrowed time anyways.(knocking)I'm kind of busy right now.My God, what's that smell?I, um...I went to a Chinese doctor, he gave me some herbs to boil.I know it's kind of pungent.We're about to have our morning gathering.I'm going to be going over the house rules with the girls, and I would like you to hear them.Hmm. Sounds riveting.(laughs)I'll be down in a minute.Now, listen up, Miss Pittypat.If you scream, I'm gonna put you right back in the ground where I found you.You understand? Hmm?Yeah?Help!Shut up! Shut up!(whimpering)I want you to tell me right now how it is you're still alive after all these years and not some moldering corpse.(phone ringing)(shrieks)Shh!Shut up!(phone continues ringing)Jesus, woman, it's a cell phone, all right?CORDELIA: Fiona? We're starting!(sighs)Now you just stay quiet, and when I get back, we're gonna continue our little chat.(sighs)And you better make it worth my while.QUEENIE:Let me get a , extra crispy,Yo. The medium bucket is supposed to have eight pieces.This one has only seven.My name's not "Yo."It's Queenie.And you must have miscounted because I packed that bucket myself.Well, you must have got a "D" in math 'cause there's only seven pieces.Actually, sir, I got an "A" in math.All of 'em.Calculus, trig, advanced algebra.Is that so?Mm-hmm.Look, I'm sure you're a genius.Just give me an extra piece of chicken, and I'll be done here.Look, Pencil Dick, I'm not stupid, okay?You ate that extra piece, and now you want a freebie.I'd like to speak to the manager, stupid fat ass.What did you call me? Get the manager!I am the manager!(gurgling and sizzling)(screaming,people gasp and murmur)Help! She's burned me!(man screaming)(sizzling)Did they send you to jail?No.There were lots of witnesses, and none of them had actually seen me throw the oil.But it made the local newspaper, and that's how Miss Cordelia found me.You didn't want to join us at first.I grew up on white girl sh1t like Charmed and Sabrina the Teenaged Cracker.I didn't know that there even were black witches.But as it turns out, I'm an heir to Tituba.She was a house slave in Salem.She was the first to be accused of witchcraft.So, technically, I'm part of your tribe.Is this where we all sing "Kum-Bah-Yah"?Bitch, I will eat you! Hey! Hey! Hey!Hey!You guys have got to start taking care of each other.We have enough enemies on the outside.Ms. Foxx?Yes?Detective Sanchez, NOPD Homicide.My partner Detective Stiles. What's this about?We'd like to have a word with two of your girls.When a movie star like you shows up at a sorority house, people are gonna pay attention to where you go and with who.Lot of people saw you go into a back room with some of the guys on the bus.What does that have to do with the bus flipping?CORDELIA: These are teenaged girls.How could they possibly do that?This all seems so silly.I'm just looking for someone who had a motive to hurt those guys, who could've screwedwith the brakes or the steering column.Maybe whatever happened in that room was upsetting.Shouldn't we have a lawyer here or something?We're just talking.Did you know any of those boys? Had you met them before?No. We barely spoke to them that night. They took me in the back room to try to get me high, but I said no.She's sober. Except vodka.Madison has a wicked sense of humor.But, in fact, she's come a long way with her addiction issues.We're very proud of her.Can I ask you why you visited one of the survivors in the hospital?Um... I felt bad for him.We-we just met him the night before.He seemed nice.He died right after you left.The doctors can't quite figure out how, but when we checked you out, we noticed that another boy you knewdied in the exact same way right before you got here.A boy named Charles Taylor.(Zoe cries)They gang raped her, and they got what they deserved!How did you flip the bus?Was it the wheels?It was the wheels.I have no idea what she's talking about.I... Nobody raped me.She's clearly lost her mind.Madison did it. She can move things with her mind.And I killed that asshole in the hospital.I have powers, too.We're witches.I'm sorry, Detective.Zoe has clearly suffered some kind of mental break.No! No, enough lying. It's over!Everyone here is a witch. I'm so sorry.Please don't send us to jail.Nobody's going to jail. Girls.Will you leave us, please?Are you in charge here?I'm Fiona Goode.(laughs)I'm in charge everywhere.We're gonna have to take both of those girls in for questioning.We'll try to keep this quiet, but that Madison girl...Drink.CORDELIA: Fiona, don't.Come on.Oh. Tough guy.Come on, give up.I'm barely trying, you know.In about ten seconds, I'm going to turn the heat up in that chubby melon of yours, and I'm gonna turn your brains to scrambled eggs.Frankly, it's been a hard morning, and I'd really rather not work up a sweat.So come on. Just drink the damn water, will you, please?This is totally...Shut up, Delia!Unless you want me to spit in a third cup.(sighs)Good.Now, I'm going to need you both to turn over whatever information you've gathered on these girls and never speak about it to anyone ever again.Are we clear?Perfectly.Do you think Fiona can fix it?You're such a goddamn idiot.I can't believe you told them everything.I'm supposed to be cleaning up my act.When this gets out, I'm screwed.Who cares? This is murder.Like, multiple murders.They're not gonna find any evidence that we messed with the bus because we didn't mess with the bus!What did you do to that shit-dick in the hospital though?Idiots.Have you any idea what's going on out there?Now, I forgave your ham-handed mass murder business with the bus-- overexuberanceof youth and all that-- but if you haven't got the goddamn brains to know that when strangers comeasking questions, we close ranks, then I fear our line is truly at an end.But they knew so much already.I couldn't toast a piece of bread with the heat they were putting on you.You are soft.You're emotional.You care what people think.Now, if there's one thing you learn before leaving this place, it's that we, even the weakest among us, are better than the best of them.Are we gonna get arrested?You are missing the point.Which is?The point is... in this whole wide wicked world, the only thing you have to be afraid of... is me.I was supposed to play a cat burglar in this movie once, but the funding fell through.But not before I learned how to do this.Hold that.(grunts)(clicks)Madison, what are we doing here?I'm gonna pay you back.Pay me back?For what?I know what you did for me, dealing with that asshole, so I'm gonna return the favor.Stole it out of Foxxy's stash.It's in Latin.What is this?Resurrection spell.We're gonna bring your boyfriend back to life.Oh, sh1t.Guess that crash was even worse than I thought.No, don't!(gasps)He's still kind of cute though.Madison!Guess they're trying to figure out where everything goes.Can we please just get out of here?Zoe, look around this room.Okay, what do you see?A tragedy.I see potential.Look,nice legs over here, a great set of guns.(chuckles)I wonder if he's a show-er or a grower.What's your point, Madison?We take the best boy parts, we attach them to Kyle's head and we build the perfect boyfriend.Is this just a joke to you?No, it's a challenge.All we have to do is follow this recipe.Find me a saw.How's the oven?Ready for a bun?(chuckles)(chuckles)I wish I could say yes.You've been taking the Clomiphene as directed?Yes.And I was sure it must be working.I had horrible cramps, hot flashes,blurry vision...Doc, what's the plan here?She goes through hell and it doesn't even work.Hank...We've been at this for a year.All I can do is stand around like an asshole while you get sick.Well, unfortunately, the fertility drugs don't come with any guarantees.I'll send your blood to the lab and we can consider other options.Like what?Like in vitro fertilization.(sighs)Doc, can I have a minute alone with my wife?Sure.(door opens)(door shuts)Baby, if you want to try this, I'll support it.But I don't get it.I'm not ready to give up.I should be able to have a baby just like any other woman.I know it's horrible, but a lot of women do this.When they have no choice.(quietly): You have a choice.If I start using magic to fulfill my every whim, then I'm just Fiona.This isn't... a whim. This is about us having a family.You don't know what you're asking me to do.This kind of magic-- it's... dark.It's about life and death, and I don't want to play God.So you're gonna let Dr. Morrison play God instead.(door opens)Mmm...(sniffs)Doesn't that smell good?(chuckles)One thingI'll give my daughter-- she can fry up a chicken leg.I imagine you're... a bit peckish after spending years buried in a hole.But then... you probably don't need to eat, being immortal.Of course, sometimes we just like to do things because we enjoy them.(chuckles) (mumbling)Do you wish to speak?What did you just say?About what?How long?years.Easy to lose track, I suppose.That bitch.That evil bitch.Who?Who did it?I mean, they said you were poisoned, but... they obviously got that part wrong.I was tricked.By whom?That black devil.LAVEAU: A love potion.I offer it as a gift.(gasps)(groans)(grunts)Louis?LAVEAU (outside): LaLaurie!Show yourself!You think you and this rabble can frighten me?I am Madame Marie Delphine LaLaurie.And you're nothing.Your feeble attempt at poisoning me failed, nigger witch.If I wanted you dead, you would be.Where's my family?Return them to me.They never left.