Elsa: Take it to the big tent.Elsa: Fate. Destiny. Luck. The prisons of man. People pass the time, enjoying the choices life provides-- coffee or tea, right or left. (chuckles) As if it matters.We are all just spinning on the wheel. There is but one way to keep off the wheel. It's not youth. (gasps) It's not beauty or true love. I know how to stay off the wheel. I control my fate. I have survived because I know one must be willing to destroy anyone, anything, even the things you love, to keep the gods in check.What in the hell did you bring that old thing out for?I was a master of the wheel in my youth. We used to strap a carny up here and William Tell an apple right off his head.Are we working this back into the show?Oh, no, darling. Television.It's going to be my second act mainstay.Well, I hope you're not planning on leaving too soon. With the twins gone and if you go, I mean, there's not gonna be much show left.It was selfish of them to leave.Well, everybody's just worried about them.Well, tell them to stop.I take that ungrateful hydra dress shopping, and the second I turn my back to buy a slip, they sneak out the back.Truth is, the stage isn't for everybody, you know.And tell our monsters that the only thing they should be thinking about is how grateful they are to me for saying yes to this television show.In a couple of months, I will have you all, every one of you, brought out to join me.Oh, they are grateful.I mean, it's your birthday week.They're out there working on your presents.And I'm gonna make you the best damn cake you ever had.Good.Now, go on, leave me.I need to practice.Okay, you're the boss, Elsa.Yes, I am.I like Dora better.Well, hindsight is 20/20, dear.Look under the dome; I bought you a present.Prophylactics?What are these for?You're a young man with a young man's needs.Inbreeding has caused enough pain in this family.We don't need to muddy the waters any further with whatever curse led to those girls' affliction.I would never violate those girls.I love them.I didn't think I could feel love until I met them.My heart was lost.And it took a woman with the vision of four eyes to find it, and the love of two hearts to give it back to me.What do you think?Are you going to escort them to cotillion?I will not allow you to isolate us from the world because of some new fetish.Because they're freaks?!So am I, Mother!When I'm with them, I feel normal.(sniffles)There comes a time in every mother's life... when she must give up her son to another woman.I'm going to marry those girls, Mother.We're going to be together forever.(Elsa gasps)Oh, Ethel.Oh, you have outdone yourself.They say all the movie stars use Westmore.Yes. You got to have the best on your big trip out to Hollywood.Westmore. (laughs)Well, come on, step lively.Supposed to be a party.Who's next?What have we here?(gasps)(laughs): Ooh!Paul, you cheeky b*st*rd.Eve.What can this be?(laughing)I will keep you warm, Miss Elsa.Oh, liebchen!Liebchen, liebchen, liebchen.Oh.My very own hot water bottle to cuddle with at night.Oh.(laughs)Oh...What's the matter?Why such long faces?This is just the beginning of our glorious week of festivities.Why so gloomy?We miss the twins.Did they say anything before they took off about why they wanted to leave?Paul: Maybe we should go search for them.They might be lost or...Elsa: No!Enough about the twins.I will have no more of this!We bring them in, give them a home, a family, and how do they repay us?By disappearing into the night.So, no more about the twins!Do you hear me?!Now, I demand that you start having fun this instant.Or I'll put one of you up against that wheel.♪ ♪Oh, no.No, no.Not you, too, mit the long face.Who, me?Perhaps you are sad that I'm leaving?Don't lie to me, liebchen.Are you falling a little in love?Hmm?Well, don't.We don't do that, you and I.Does anyone know about us?Of course not.They all assume when I sneak into your tent at night that I'm putting a mint on your pillow.(chuckles)(laughs)How sweet.You know... perhaps you could come out there with me.I mean, before the others, huh?You do know how to please me.Are you able to drive?I imagine I could learn.Of course... when I have a-a normal suitor, you could simply pretend you are my chauffeur.Which, of course, you would be.I'm flattered that you would even give me a passing thought.Go away now.Oh, but before you do... bring me my... my cuddle, my darling.Sleep well, Miss Elsa.(sighs)(chuckles)Oh, Ma Petite.(whispers): Je t'aime plus que les autres.(laughs softly)(sighs)♪ ♪You've pricked yourself climbing up the trellis, my poor thing.It's worth it to have your hand on my face.Mm, you smell so good.Venetian Romance. (sniffs)My favorite perfume.Mm. (chuckles softly)Mm.Don't you want me, Paul?I want you more than you know.You're the softest, sweetest thing.Like the roses in my mum's garden.So why don't we make love? You didn't have any trouble when there were lots of people watching.It was different that night.I'm in love with you now.You make me feel like when I was young, before life stole my innocence.Before we make love, I want you to know me-- as a man, not just a lover.I've got so much more to offer.(pounding on door)Vince: Who are you talking to?Why is this damn door locked?Because I was sick of living like a prisoner, you barging in here any time you like, day or night.Heard you talking to someone.I was listening to the radio.Don't play the indignant card with me.You about put your mother to the loony bin when you ran off.And now this last little stunt where you disappeared again.Coming home, looking like something the cat dragged in.That will not happen again while you are living under my roof!Okay, I'm not deaf.Can I go to sleep now?I'm your pop.Just doing my job.Making sure my little girl is safe.Bette: Dear Diary, "happiness" is too small a word to describe how I feel.The shades of gray that was my world has turned incandescent with color, so bright I can see them with my eyes closed.The horizon appears unlimited to me now, as if I was a bird in flight.Am I a fool, or has love opened my heart?Hello, ladies.Look what I have for you.You must be famished.I didn't know what you would wanted, so I had Cook make one of... everything.(gasps): Oh. What's that?Dandy: Caviar.Beluga from Siberia.I've heard of caviar.It's outrageously expensive.Dot: Bette.It's slimy fish eggs.So?Nothing is too good for my girls.Have a taste.Go ahead.Mmm.Heaven.(laughs)You can have it with every meal.Bette: Dot warned me about men and their sexual appetites, but her fears have proven unfounded.Dandy is a gentleman through and through.(giggles)I've never felt this way before.When he is near, my heart races so rapidly I fear I will faint.Could it be that I've finally found the person I can't live without?(laughs)Dot: Dear Diary, what manner of servitude my sister and I have found ourselves in is not certain.I trust you girls have everything you need.I was hoping we could go back and retrieve some personal items from our tent.Gloria: (laughs) That won't be necessary.You've seen the last of that horrid place.Make a list.We'll replace everything you had with something brand-new.You can have anything you want, Dot.(chuckles)I'll make sure of it.Dot: We haven't been beaten, nor are we bound by chains. I have to wonder though what dark intentions await.Here's something in the news that might be of interest. They performed the first surgery separating Siamese twins.What does it say?"The 15-month-old Brodie twins are in separate cots for the first time in their lives. A 12-hour, 40-minute operation severed the tissue, nerve cords and blood vessels that joined them."Look.Aren't they cute?Dot: And suddenly it was clear why we were here.They're adorable.Dot: The lifetime it would take for me to save the money for the surgery?Dandy had it at his fingertips.(doorbell jingles)Dot?(chuckles softly)It's Dorothy.I go by my full name now that half of me is gone.Yeah, I heard about the surgery.I am so sorry for your loss.Dot: I'm not.Dale Carnegie said, "If you have a lemon, make a lemonade."With Dandy's easy money, this gilded cage may finally set me free.Thank you. Thank you.(doorbell jingles)Good day to you, sir.A bottle of lady's perfume, if you please.Venetian Romance, it's called.We're out. Really?Well, what's that there on the shelf behind you?Oh. That Venetian Romance.$1.10.Dandy: Clerk!Clerk!I could find only one medium stiff-bristled faux bone-handled lady's hairbrush.I require two.Your selection is woefully lacking.I could check around back.Do so at once.I know you.You and your mum.You tried to buy out the house. Oh.You're part of that freak show.Well, can't say we were very impressed with the quality of the presentation.We will not be returning.Seemed to me you liked it plenty at the time.You tried to buy the Tattler sisters, as I recall.I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about.Now please don't speak to me any further.Is this freak bothering you, sir?Yes, as a matter of fact, he is.He tried to pick my pockets.(laughs) That's a laugh.Get out.We don't sell to thieves.If I was a thief, I would have taken it, wouldn't I?Get out or I'll call the cops.Go ahead. I've got my rights.You're not even American.I have the right to refuse service.And I'm refusing to serve you.This place is overpriced anyway.I'm going to take my business to Woolworth's.They've got ice cream.Good show tonight.Yeah. The gate was a little lighter than usual.People were coming to see those twins.Nothing we can do about that now.It doesn't bother you-- the way they just wandered off?I guess they were never really happy here.I ran into that weirdo at the drugstore.You know, that rich kid who bought the house out a few weeks ago?He was buying two of all these girly things.Makeup, brushes.What are you saying?Well, think about it for a second.Elsa hated them from the minute they got here for taking her spotlight away.They go, and she's right back in it.That Hollywood guy wants her again.You shut your mouth!Elsa has a dark heart, sure, but she saved every one of us, including me, you, and Bette and Dot.You know your problem?You can pass.And when no one's pretending, all the bullshit and the noise just drops away.From your position, Elsa looks like our guardian angel.But from where I'm sitting, I see a jealous broad near the end of the line who'd kill anyone or anything that got in the way of her one last shot at it.Oh, thank you, Dandy.This is the perfect shade.(chuckles)Dot: "Siamese twin, "separated, dies alone."Roger Lee Brodie, the larger of the conjoined twins separated by a surgery hailed as a medical miracle, has died."But one survived.Rodney is still alive. It's a blessing.Bette: It's an abomination.Science should never subvert the will of God.Is that what you think we are?God's will or God's cruel joke?What's gotten into you?We are what we are, and no amount of wishful thinking is gonna change that.My arm, your leg.Where do you end and I begin?Don't you realize by now that we are always going to share everything?My thoughts are my own, sister.You like secrets, don't you, Dot?I noticed your diary is always locked.My diary is my sanctuary.My one private place.And Bette and I have made a pact never to read what the other has written.We should have no confidences between us.Let's make a deal.I'll tell you a secret if you tell me one.(laughs) I'll start.Remember the murders?The clown killer.The abducted children.I was there.I killed the clown.I saved those kids.No.The girl, too.No, Jimmy would never lie about that.You're the true hero.Lobster Boy was unconscious.Ask him yourself.I told you a secret; now you tell me yours.No.What do you mean, no?I mean... no.We had a deal. Tell me your secret. Now.You're making me angry, Dot.(whispers): What's the matter with you?Tell him something. Anything.He lied about Jimmy.I did not.I did not lie, you bitch!I don't like this game anymore!