Maggie: We've met before.Dandy: I don't think so. I never forget a pretty face.Your voice sounds so familiar, I can almost place it.Is that enough to start?(laughs)For five dollars, you can ask me anything.I've had a few recent misadventures with the fairer s*x.You're a heartbreaker. That's not hard to see.I've hurt someone badly. And the person I always counted on for help... can't help anymore.And you're afraid this time you'll have to pay.Avon calling. Is the lady of the house available?Do come in. Mother would love to have some company.Oh... (quietly impressed): Oh...!(Dandy humming "If You're Happy and You Know It")Now you're my puppet mother.Let's play a game.Mother, you be Dot.Avon Lady, whose name I don't know, you get to play the part of Bette!(Dandy laughing)Maggie: You can rest easy.The ball is clear as day.Your indiscretion will soon be forgotten.What about, uh, trouble from my past?Oh, there is someone.A dark cloud on the horizon.There will be rain, but... it'll pass.And you'll go on just like before, breaking hearts.I can't tell you what it means to hear those words.(Dandy laughs)You are my savior.A hundred thank-you's, Esmeralda.Please, come back for a reading any time.You have true talent.It would be a shame to waste the powers inside of you.(anxious laugh)Ima, I've never seen anybody like anything more than you and a mouthful of food.(both laugh)I want to see it again.Oh, you're too good to me, Jimmy.You find the twins yet?I see you been doing a lot of looking.I've been busy feeding Ima.Eat up, baby.If you want it long and hard, I need you soft and wide.(both laugh)Jesus, Jimmy, you are stinking drunk.(whistling nearby)Jimmy!Jimmy (shouts drunkenly): Wait up...! What'd you do with the twins?What'd you do with the twins?Last I saw, they were with you.But if you see Bette and Dot, I'd be happy to take them back.No questions asked.I would never let them near you.I know exactly who you are.You were behind that mask.You were the other clown.Are you with this drunk?Hey, come on, Jimmy.Let's stand to one side, let this...No! No!You're a murderer.(groans) There's nothing worse than an alcoholic with bad hygiene.Such a waste.I'm gonna put you away if it's the last thing I do!God, you're pathetic.(Jimmy groans)And if you hadn't stolen the twins from me, I would leave you here in your filth.But you took away my last chance at happiness.And for that, I must have revenge.I'm your god, Jimmy.And I've decided that you need to suffer.I'm going to destroy you and everything you love.Oh... it will be so much fun.(persistent knocking on door)Bette: What do we do?Oh, meine Liebchen!Thank goodness we have found you.But look at this.Living like animals.But how wise of Ethel to have hidden you away.Where is Ethel? What's going on?There's a mob out there hunting freaks.Yes. More than a mob, the entire town.These Floridian rubes have finally turned against us.No freak is safe.Ethel was the first to go.Ethel's dead?They tore her head off.Imagine what a crazy mob would do with your two heads.How did you find us?It wasn't difficult. I have my connections.Stanley: Are you sure she left a note?Elsa: Yes! Why would she make up such a thing?She was about to plug me good.Ah, here!A motor hotel in West Palm Beach.That's where she stashed the twins.She instructs Jimmy to go find them.Stanley: We have to get you someplace safe.Not back to the camp.No, no, no, but we have a place in the plan.I don't believe you. Why should I trust anything you say?Because I have done what you asked.The surgeon you wanted, the one who separated the Brodie Twins... he is on his way down here.Your every wish is about to come true.Maggie: We already looked over here.All we did was call out "Bette and Dot" a couple of times.Well, hello.Maggie: Who are you?What do you want?I came to see Miss Desiree.The most beautiful woman in the world.Well, you come back at show time, like everyone else.Uh, but we have a rendezvous...You better scram, pal.Or you'll have a rendezvous with a black eye.I'm a big girl, Maggie.Go on.Oh.Mmm.I'm sorry, but I could not stay away.Mm-mm.You better get ahold of yourself, Angus T. Jefferson.Maggie: Who was that?My beau.And you say anything, you gonna be the one with the black eye.(passionate moaning nearby)I wouldn't dream of it.(both laugh)Ain't that a sight?Are you... serious?Really?sh1t!Goddamn it, I was so close to a nut!(laughs)Well, let's leave the pigs to their rutting.Shall we?Sure knows how to ruin a party.Ima: Let her go, honey. You got me now.He'll put it in anyone! He's drunk!Leave her out of this!She's nice.And soft.(scoffs)No, don't go, don't go!Don't touch me, you asshole!She begs me to touch her!Look at these knockers!And I swear, she tastes like a lemon lime lollipop.Hey, you keep your hands off of him.*** and I'll flatten you like a cracker!(scoffs) You're nothing!You could be a pillow! A donut!A sock!Jimmy...?(retching, vomiting)Myrna: You did?My goodness! What-what did it taste like?I don't know-- like skin, but softer and saltier, I think.You are so liberal.Well, all I know is that someone got a new stove delivered from Sears and Roebuck this afternoon.(all laugh)Are you okay?He's drunk.He kept... missing.I just paid him and left.Who's next?Goddamn starving.Ethel: You're disgusting.I'm rolling over in my grave.Ma?I gave birth to you, squatting by an oak tree.Nearly killed me.The worrying, the sacrifices, and all for what?I'm sorry, Ma.Why'd you do that to yourself?Why didn't you come to me for help?I didn't have much time left anyway.No one was gonna preserve Ethel Darling and keep her around past her time.How did you store leftovers in your day, Ethel?Leftovers?Is that what these are for?Keeping old food fresh?I'm confused.I need you!When you protect the past, you lose the future.(muffled sobbing)You're wasting your life grieving over me.You were supposed to redeem our sorry line.(chuckles)To think, I wasted all my hopes and dreams on another no-good drunk, (whispering): like his father.Elaine: Oh, Ethel, you're a delight.Jimmy (muffled): I'm so sorry!I'm so sorry.(sighs)♪ What a wonderful holiday ♪♪ With bells on every sleigh ♪♪ And voices full of happy cheer ♪(muttering)♪ Bringing all the good luck and health ♪(lock clicks)♪ You'd ever wish yourself... ♪I am so sorry, ladies.(doorbell rings)Maybe we should eat.(knocking on door)Should we call the police?No.It's okay.Hello.Am I interrupting?(sighs) My, that dress is a magical color.What is that, periwinkle?Lana Lobell calls it "Spanish Sky."That's remarkable.(chuckles) I'm sorry.My car just broke down.Would you mind if I came in and borrowed your telephone to call the auto club?I'm happy to pay you for the call.(chuckles) Nonsense. Come in.Thank you.Bette: Dot, look.Our diaries.I have so missed my writing.I thought you would.So I brought some of your things, and, well, some of mine, to make the place seem more homey.How long do you expect us to stay here?Oh, not for long.Just until the doctor arrives.Well, I don't understand.He's gonna operate on us here?Bette: Oh, God.Oh, no, I can't.No!Elsa: I can't.No. I took those girls in.I promised to protect them.And now what? Murder?I love my monsters. I truly do.Of course you do.A heart as passionate as you, to give so much on the stage... cannot help but feel empathy for God's cast-offs.In fact, I came to the same conclusion myself.What conclusion?I realized you were right all along.The best way to send those girls off in style is to give them exactly what they want.So I made a few calls to Hollywood.To Hollywood?Yeah.I was, uh, chummy with Greer Garson's dermatologist.She happens to be close personal friends with a Chicago doctor, this guy who separated the twins.I called him up on the telephone.You called him?Yeah.If the twins are separated, they can be no more trouble to you.It's a win-win-win.We go off to California.The girls can stay here to live their two separate lives.Elsa: What's this table doing here?This is for the initial examination.The actual surgery will take place in the hospital.Dr. Sugar is seeing to all the arrangements now.It's all very...(whispering): hush-hush.Uh, you'll be transported there under cover of night, of course.How much is this gonna cost us?Not a penny. Since he worked with the Brodie twins, Dr. Sugar is fascinated by your case.One of those twins died.That's true, but Dr. Sugar assured me that that casualty was due to a very rare infection, and he's now perfected his technique.So we both can live.Well, just imagine it, Bette.You can go to the movies any time you want.Sing along to the radio and dance all night.With one leg. I explained to Dr. Sugar that you each had your own heart and lungs.He said there's no reason why you can't be split down the middle.(gasps) Bette, enough!After all these years together, I want my freedom.A chance at love like a normal woman.How can you not understand that?No.No, I won't.I won't do it.It's barbaric.Nonsense. They'll anesthetize you girls, so you won't feel a thing.Elsa: Your sister's right.You need your own lives.Stanley: I have to go to the train station.Our good doctor should be arriving any minute.Honey, I thought we agreed to these parties if your friends don't block the driveway with their cars.(record scratches, skips)I had to park halfway down the street, for Christ's sake.Sylvia?(record scratches, skips)(water sloshing gently)(screaming)(scream continues, muffled)(Dandy humming a waltz)(squishing, sloshing)Regina!I knew you'd come back.I've been to the cops, Dandy. I've asked them for help in finding my mother.Regina... I killed your mother.(gasps)(panting)Is... Is... Is this hers? Is this my mother's blood?Oh, no, no, no. We buried her weeks ago.Mother and I.Recently, I killed her as well, and that's when I discovered the power of bathing in blood.This is fresh blood from some lovely ladies I killed earlier today.(whimpers)Pay attention, Regina!I cannot begin to tell you how it felt.The kind of control over their lives.Their trust, their fear, their pain, their confusion.I believe I am living my destiny.(chuckles)I'm finally happy.Regina?Oh, good for you.They're not.My mother isn't.Take a bath with me, Regina.Like when we were little.I have so many questions for you.Like, when did you know?You must have had a sense, at least, that I was destined to be... this.I am a god.A god who has chosen to walk among men.I have no interest in killing you.You are the only one in this house worth a damn.Stop acting so scared of me!Get in the tub!I want to go.I want to leave now.I decide when you leave here.(scoffs)I thought you were my special family.But you are just a hideous, predictable bore.It's going to be lonely.I should've anticipated that.(screams)I'll get used to it.Get out.Go!Before I decide to kill you, too!(shrieks)I'm above the law!Beyond the law!I am the law!You mad at me?I'm not dim, you know.Everyone thinks you're the smart one, 'cause you're so practical, but I pay attention.I know they can't separate us fully.One of us can survive that surgery, not both.That's not true.They've learned so much from the Brodie case.Oh, please, Dot.Please stop lying to me.I am so tired of this life of ours, Bette.This infinite intolerable arranged marriage.Aren't you tired of it?And I don't want you dead.I don't.I just never dreamed it might be possible for one of us to live a normal life.Mother refused to buy us lace-up shoes 'cause she insisted we would never be able to tie them.But we spent hours working it out till we finally cracked it.Same with needlepoint.There was nothing we could not work through when we put our heads together.No one can understand our burden.You and I have endured a life that would've driven most people mad, but to me, it's been a gift, really.We've been given the opportunity to really love another person.To love them as you love yourself.And love... is about sacrifice.It's answering the question how much would you give for the health and happiness of the one you love?I have the same longings as you.Same dreams of a normal life.You could never survive without me.I know.I would like to think I could.But I don't think I could actually stand being alone.And we're not bad people.We're good people, good girls, and we've seen so much suffering.We deserve a chance.And I know now that neither of us can have that if we stay like this.I would rather, one of us, truly live... than both of us withering away together.What are you saying?Just that any man would be lucky to have you.And the Dallas sisters will not be defeated.And if it comes to it......if they had to make a choice, during surgery, that only one of us would live......I want to give my life to you, sister.I want to give my life so you can have one.(sniffling)I love you, Bette.I love you, Dot.(pen scratching)(grunts)(engine idling)Going someplace?(slurring): It's none of your business.(chuckling): Oh... oh, you're wrong.Everything you do from here on out is my business.You weren't thinking of heading back to the, uh, High Noon, were you?Word is that pretty little hustler of yours... he ain't coming back.Some-Something's happened to Andrew?You know that for a fact?Forget about Andy.He's just gone.He forgot about you a long time ago.(grunts)So pull yourself together.You're acting like a man who's guilty of something.Yeah, that's better.(chuckling)Can't have you going around half-cocked.Me...I'm never half-cocked.Oh...Holy sh1t.See? See?You forgot about Andy already.Why, you're...You're a freak.You should see it when it's angry.Want to touch it?(moans quietly)You're disgusting.No, no... if that's what you want...(grunts)Go on...(grunts)It'll be our s... your secret shame.It'll be my secret shame.(breath trembling)It's fun... to have secrets......isn't it, Dell?Sign it.(startled shout)♪ ♪(rope creaking)(sobs)Some strong man.Ethel...?You come here to talk me out of it.You can't.I made up my mind.(Ethel scoffs)Talk you out of it?Hell, I'm here to watch.Go on, do it.Coward.I am a coward.Just can't take the shame of it no more... being...(voice breaking): what I am.A freak.As it turns out, yeah.I swear to Christ, Ethel, I don't know how you and the others manage it.We manage it because we have to.We wear our shame on the outside.There's no hiding it.It's just who we are.Now, you... you carry your shame on the inside.You keep it trapped in there.It eats away at you, feeding on you like a living thing, till there's nothing left but the rot.I've been fighting it for so long.I just don't have any fight left in me.You never were strong, Dell, no matter how much weight you could lift, or how many steel bars you could bend.You always been weak.Step up on that chair.This ain't gonna take much.You're gonna let the weight of your body do the work.Step up to that rope and get it done.(chair creaking)(grunts)(gagging)(heart beating rapidly)(heartbeat slowing)(gags)(wheezing, coughing)(heart beating steadily)(crying): Oh, Dell...Oh...(weakly): I'm sorry.I'm so sorry...Hello, Doctor.(chuckles)Ah, not yet, not yet.Pleasure comes first from anticipation.Deh, deh, deh... (inhales)All right, let's run through this again.Dr. Sugar, tell me the names of your most famous patients.Um...sh1t, I forgot.Brodie. Okay.I wrote it in the first line of the first page: Two boys, one name, Brodie.Okay, just... let's just, let's keep this simple.There's only one line you really have to land.We've learned a lot since the... Brady case--Brodie. Brodie case... and I feel confident that the separation will be a success for the both of you.(clicks tongue)Wait...I don't really have to cut them, do I?No! No one's going to be cutting into anyone.We're just going to be putting them to sleep.It's called euthanasia.Trust me, they'll drift off peacefully.It's like putting down a sad puppy who's been hit by a car.We're doing these girls a kindness.But I like puppies.Of course you do, you sweet, innocent boy.Now, get over here and suck my cock.Oh... oh, oh, oh, oh...Ah...(doorbell rings)Regina.You brought a guest.This is the police, Dandy.I've told them everything and now you're gonna pay.Detective Colquitt, Jupiter PD.Mr. Mott, this young lady has made some serious accusations.You mind answering some questions?Come in.I have nothing to hide.My mother taught me the importance of decorum.Offering an aperitif is the first duty of a gracious host.Colquitt: And where is your mother?You killed her, and you killed my mother, too.We can put all this to rest, sir, if your mother would just come down and show us she's alive and well.Regina: I already told you, they're dead.Just let the man talk.Believe it or not, Regina and I grew up together.We were childhood best friends, inseparable, until the summer I turned nine and became aware of the difference in our stations.But even though we've grown apart, I've never known Regina to lie.So... if she says I killed them, then they must be dead.Regina: I told you.He's a maniac.Who knows how many people he's killed?You're gonna fry for your crimes, Dandy.But what she didn't tell you, Detective Colquitt, is the absolute conviction that I'm going to get away with it.The Mott family owns the biggest brands of frozen foods across America.You'd be surprised how much money can be made one block of spinach at a time.So, including this estate and the house in Montauk and the stocks and bonds held in trust from my grandfather, the fortune left to me could easily sustain a small country.But more importantly, I've been imbued with the light.I have seen the face of God, and he is looking at me from the mirror.I can think of nothing that can stop me now.You should stop talking, sir.You're digging yourself a hole.I have a better idea.You dig a hole.For her.You work for me, and I will pay you $1 million.Cash.You got a shovel?Jimmy: What are you doing?Did Elsa put you up to this?Put it back!Where it was!I said put it back!Jimmy...I'll do it myself.Jimmy...Leave me alone!No...(grunts)What are you doing here?Where you been?We were about to do something horrible.Not we.Me. I was.I thought I knew what was best.But I was wrong.I thought the only way I could be happy... the only way I could feel whole... was to be separated from my sister.I thought Bette was the problem.But she wasn't.It was me.My sweet... sweet sister is the purest part of my soul.We're a family.We belong together and I know that now.Well... even family leaves.Nothing stays.I was so *** when I heard about your mother.You're in such pain.I can feel it.But you're not alone.And you never have to be alone again.What do you mean?Jimmy Darling...I have loved you since the first moment I set eyes on you.You were warm and you were kind.And you looked right at me.You didn't flinch, not even a bit.And in that moment, I felt I could face anything with you by my side.You are the only man for me.'Cause you're like us.Different... but special.Let me take your pain away.Replace it with love.Dot...I don't know what to say.Bette... uh, how do you feel about all this?I support Dot.And Dot wants you.Well... well, it's your body, too.I can give you privacy.(laughs gently) Close my eyes and disappear for a while.We could make you so happy, Jimmy.Not many men can boast of a blonde and a brunette for a wife.(gasps)Well, didn't you like it?Two souls, two mouths, devoted only to you.To pleasing you.It could be that way always.I care about you.Both of you.But I can't.(sniffling)The truth is......I'm in love with someone else.She's a very lucky girl.We have to go.(crying quietly)(yells, bottle smashes)(sobs)(sirens approaching)Jimmy: What the hell do you want?Jimmy Darling, you're under arrest...What?!...for the murders of Sylvia Mills, Myrna Austen, Joanne Gallagher...What?Wait, what?Wait, I don't even know any of those ladies.We have evidence. You left your glove at the crime scene, Lobster Boy.What kind of sicko goes after a bunch of sweet housewives just looking to buy some Tupperware?Wait, wait, wait, you got it all wrong. I didn't... I didn't do anything!No, he has been here all day with me!You need to back up.This has to be...Back up!(screams) Hey!Jimmy: Do not touch her!Where?You can't take him! He didn't do anything!Jimmy: I didn't do anything! Come on!(engine starts)Jimmy: Maggie! Maggie! (yells angrily)I didn't do nothing!