Dandy: Bette? Dot?Here you are. You have a visitor. This young man was concerned about your welfare. As you can see, Bette and Dot aren't prisoners, they're our guests. They can leave anytime they want.Is that true?We're being treated very well, Jimmy.Gloria: When the girls first stepped foot in our house, they were malnourished, both body and soul. A daily regimen of vitamins and foie gras brought the pink back to their pallor.Bette, Dot, I know this seems like the life of Riley now, but trust me, this is no place for you. Because to them, you're nothing more than a curiosity. A freak to gawk at.So what do you want us to do? Go back to the show? How is that any different?Jimmy: Because you'd have a whole community of people to protect you.Gloria: Why would we harm a hair on their heads? We paid good money for these girls.Dandy: Mother's right. Don't listen to a word. Everything he says is a lie.Bette: Jimmy, you told us you saved those kids from the killer clown.It was Dandy. He was there when you were unconscious. He's the real hero.Dandy: Ladies and gentlemen!I've always wondered how this trick was done. Haven't you?Leave her alone!Bette... Dot... you have to come with me. Now.Dandy: You don't give the orders in this house.Dot, I know you have mixed feelings.You're thinking of getting the surgery, which I'll never allow.'Cause you'd never cut a girl in half, would you, Dandy?Shut up! Stop trying to ruin everything!How do you know, Dandy?About the surgery?I told you there will be no secrets between us.You read my diary.I want to leave.She can't leave without Bette.We're in love, and love trumps everything.Jimmy: Well, your mother said the girls could go any time they want.Let's let them decide.Bette, I know you love me.Tell them you want to stay and live forever in luxury with me.(laughs)Dot: There's something wrong with Dandy and you know it.I'm sorry.But I choose my sister, always.We have to go.One, two, three.(playing Nirvana's "Come as You Are")♪ Come as you are
♪ As you were
♪ As I want you to be
♪ As a friend, as a friend
♪ As an old enemy
♪ Take your time
♪ Hurry up
♪ The choice is yours
♪ Don't be late
♪ Take a rest
♪ As a friend
♪ As an old memory...
♪ Memory, ah
♪ Memory, ah
♪ Well, I swear
♪ That I don't have a gun
♪ No, I don't have a gun ♪Hey, uh... you seen Andy around?Not since the last time you came by looking.Never fall in love with a hustler. That's my advice.♪ Memory, ah
♪ Memory, ah You keep your mouth shut!
♪ And I swear
♪ That I don't have a gun
♪ Memory, ah.(microphone whining)Truthfully? Adequate.Jimmy: I'm not changing anything.That's the song, that's how I'm doing it.Tonight. Mid-show number.Ha!Do you honestly believe that I would allow you to sap the energy of the audience? Huh?Remember to whom you speak.I know exactly who I'm talking to!A liar.And we don't take orders from liars.What's going on here, huh? What is this?The twins, Elsa.We know what you did with the twins.They ran off!I told you that.Yeah, we heard your story.Maybe it's time we heard theirs.What?You sold them off.Like pets.That's not quite how it happened, actually...BETTE What are you doing?Dot: Keep it buttoned.I know what I'm doing.It's true Miss Elsa took us to Dandy Mott, but only because I asked her to.But you said that...Well, you misunderstood.Miss Elsa didn't sell us.She helped us.We wanted to experience the finer things in life.And Elsa was kind enough to make that happen.But she also said we always had a home here, if that's what we wanted.So we've decided to come home.If you'll have us.Well, of course, my darlings.Anything you want.Desiree: Miss Ethel, we'll get this taken care of.Don't you worry about me.The good doctor's gonna fix me up, right as rain.You be sure and book your surgery.Desiree: Oh, I will. I can hardly wait."Closed for business"?What on earth?(door opens)Where's Dr. Bonham?He's dead.Oh, no...Spare me the theatrics.I'm not a fan of yours.Well, you're a very rude young woman.Who are you?I'm his daughter.Oh, you're the one he moved down here for?No.I'm the other one.The one without a husband and children.I came down from Boston to bury him.What happened to him?You killed him!Your very existence challenged his beliefs in God and science.So before he blew his brains out, he took a hammer and smashed both of his hands.The hands of a surgeon.They were his most valuable possession. Oh, God...What am I gonna do now?You're gonna get out, before I call the cops.Oh, come...Just a minute...Get out, you freaks!Oh, ho, ho! Okay.Whoa...(chuckles)Huh.(grunts)Hey, it's the Strong Man.I keep trying with this thing and I can't even get it halfway up.I feel like a damn fairy.Hey, don't be cute, buddy.I'm in the mood to hurt someone today, and trust me, you don't want it to be you.What's the matter?You can't actually get it up?(bell dings)Well, I'll be.Say, what do you say we go get a drink and you, uh, you tell me your trick?I know this place a couple of towns over called, uh... High Noon.What?Oh! You-you haven't heard of it?Why, that's funny, because I saw you there today.And so did a lot of other people, I'm sure.You were pretty upset about one of those, uh, sweet little things that works there.Maggie: What's going on, fellas?Kind of hard to hit the bell when Richard's in your way, isn't it?You might hit him instead.Ah, these things are rigged anyway, right?Dell and I are gonna head into the tent to chat, instead.You got it.Rule number one.When attempting to blackmail a man with freakish strength and a mean streak the size of the panhandle, make sure you got witnesses.Stanley: You're my ideal man.And I'm not talking about your bulging muscles.Though I have to admit-- for someone so strong, you lack the beefcake look.No.You have the three qualities I love in a person.One-- you lack a moral code.Two-- you can kill a man with your bare hands.And three-- you have to do whatever I say, or I'm gonna make sure this whole place knows that you have someone else's sh1t under your fingernails.Oh, I'm gonna kill you.Not now, you won't.Maggie saw us come in here.And not later.'Cause I'm very good with this thing.I like to aim for the jewels.Kind of my signature shot.The screams of the men who have been nut-shot are so specific.Came here to make a deal, right?Talk.I need one of your freaks.Dead.Keep it clean, I want the body intact.And it needs to look like they just disappeared.You want me to kill one of my own?I weep from your sudden sentimentality.There's a barn a couple of miles due west of here.Bring the body there.You've got a day.(whistles casually)Maggie: What's on your mind?You're a million miles away tonight.(doo-wop song plays)I was just thinking about the twins.How they changed their story.Made me look like a fool in front of everybody.Maybe they got confused.No, there's something weird going on around here.I don't know what, but it's got my head all screwed up.Maybe it's another sign.That it's time for us to go.We could leave right now, before the sun comes up.Unless you changed your mind...No, of course not.I'll go with you.Then let's go.Right now.I can't right now.It doesn't feel right.That rich kid, you should have seen the way he was looking at the twins.And that second clown-- do you think you would recognize his voice if you heard it?I-I don't know.He was... he was wearing that mask.And it's over.Why does it matter?Because justice is justice.That guy almost sawed you in half.If the rich kid did it, he has to pay.You know what I think?You're stalling.No, I'm not.I want to go.I just need a few more days to get everything in order.That's bullshit.You're never gonna leave this place.♪ You knew when you loved me
♪ I never would resist...
♪
♪ I never would resist...You trying to get with me?♪ I'll give in...Don't make this difficult now.(screams)Goddamn it!♪ My only sin
♪ But the same guided missiles
♪ Will get you in the end...(screams)All right, all right, uncle, uncle.♪ But the same guided missiles
♪ Will get you in the...
♪ End.Who's the strong man now?And all I can think about is his grubby hands all over me.(groans)No, keep your hand on ice.Your swelling will never go down.Ugh.Dell's done a lot of rotten things, but this?He must be out of his mind.We got to get our facts straight, so when we go to the cops...Cops?You of all people saying that.Dell is our problem; we're gonna fix it.We're gonna sneak into his trailer, kill him.What?! Whoa, whoa!Ma, where's this coming from?I know him, Jimmy.I know what he's capable of.And you don't.Jesus, Ma, well, at least let me talk to him.Amazon Eve: What if he'd come after Maggie?You'd be the first one charging in with a gun.Suzi: You don't know what it's like, peepers flipping up our skirts.Ethel: You know what your problem is, Jimmy?You're stuck on the rosy notion that the world operates on goodness, decency.Truth is-- all goodness guarantees ya... is an early grave.But the biggest joke of all-- the thing that'll sink ya every time......is hope.Hope that the world will right itself.That the just will be rewarded and the wicked punished.Oh, once you buy into that horseshit, you're dead in the water.The only way to survive in this disgusting godforsaken world......is to take control.Ain't nobody gonna take care of our people but us.Dell hurt one of our own, we can't let him get away with that.Can't let... that degenerate prick win.He's got to pay.He will, Ma, he will.I can make it right.I'll kick his ass to the curb, I'll tell him to get the hell out of here, never come back.Trust me.I can handle Dell.You handle him.Or we will.(bell clangs)See that?Easy-peasy-Japanesey.Sweet holy Jesus, Ralph.You only got halfway up there.(laughing): I-I've seen nine-year-old girls in pigtails hit it higher than that.Jimmy: I've got to talk to you.Man to man.Well, tell me when the other man shows up, and I'll talk to him.Funny. Not here.All right.Let's go into town.I'll let you buy me a drink.So, tell me-- what do you girls want in exchange for that charming tale about my kindness?You want me to stay here and not compete with your Hollywood, uh, Siamese twins floor wax hour?We're not going to Hollywood.We don't trust Richard Spencer.Why take a chance on a stranger when we have all we need right here?Hmm, so that's all you want?To stay here?Just tell her what you told me.Go on.I want to become a comedienne.Like Eve Arden. And I could crack jokes and tell stories in between songs. Oh, and I want caviar for breakfast. And I want to dye my hair blonde.And 20.And 20% of the box office.Off the top.You can have it.Once I'm in Hollywood.We want the money now.And we also want the money that Gloria gave you when you sold us.(chuckles)This is blackmail.My, my, my. You girls have come a long way since I've rescued you from the hospital.What about you, Dot? Hmm? You're very quiet. Do you condone this... outrageous behavior?In fact, I think we should take 50% of the box office.♪ You're mine
♪ And we belong...(groaning)Jesus, what the hell was that, gasoline?(chuckles)It tastes like piss on fire, but it's cheap. It'll get you drunk twice as fast.Let's have another one.One's good for me. I don't do liquor.I seen what it did to my ma.I'm scared, once I start, I won't be able to stop.Come on.You're not gonna become a drunk in one night. It doesn't work that way.You gotta commit to it.(sighs) Fine. You want to talk? Talk.Fine. I don't know what happened between you and Amazon Eve, but they're putting together a lynch mob to string you up by your balls. That woman is nuts.I mean, I just went in there to... talk to her about maybe doing a little...Strong Man and Strong Woman act in the show.I didn't get one word out, and she's smashing me over the head with a frying pan.That's not what she says.Hey, just leave the bottle here.What are you, a mama's boy?We're supposed to have a man-to-man.Well, men drink.Attaboy.(sighs)(coughs)She can say whatever she wants.