Woman: Dear Diary, It was a Saturday, the 3rd of September, that the world as I had known was forever doomed. The shadows that had sheltered me were banished by the blinding light of scrutiny. I knew I was about to enter the gates of Hell. But like the inescapable pull of gravity, there was nothing I could do about it.(insects trilling)(dog barking, rooster crowing in distance)(pop music playing faintly)♪ Doo-da-doo, doo-da-doo ♪
♪ Doo-da-doo-a-loo-a-loo, doo-da-doo...♪(engine turns off, music stops)Mrs. Tattler? Mrs. Tattler, it's Bill Palmer. Your milkman. Mrs. Tattler?(clock ticking)(shuddering breaths)Oh, sweet Jesus!(clock cuckooing)(thumping upstairs)(stairs creak)(eerie, indistinct whispering)(whispering stops)(gasps)(screams)Straight to the operating suite!(retching)One bladder.Three kidneys-- two on the left and one on the right.Nurse?Are you writing this down?Yes, Doctor.Four lungs.Two hearts with a shared circulatory system.Woman: "The victim, 63-year old Eudora Tattler, was thought by neighbors to have lived alone. The unfortunate creature discovered at the crime scene, who witnesses are describing as 'monstrously deformed,' may be a relation, sources say."I don't blame the old lady for keeping it hidden.If I gave birth to something like that, I'd drown it in the bathtub first thing.Penny, that's terrible.You better not let Miss Kilgreen hear you talking like that.Or catch you wearing red lips on the floor.She's already got it in for you.I have rounds.Can I help you?I have come to visit my poor ailing aunt.But... I have trouble navigating your halls.Um, you're not supposed to smoke in this wing, ma'am.Oh, it's fine.It's Lucky Strike. It's good for you.Here.Have one.Go ahead.Go ahead, try it.So, tell me, my peppermint angel.(chuckles)I could not help but see a police officer sitting outside one of the doors.Yeah. That's on account of what's in there.And what is in there?I read in the papers that something quite extraordinary was brought in here."Extraordinary"?I guess to the bumpkins in this town maybe.I take it you're not fond of the sleepy little hamlet of Jupiter.So, to fill the idle hours, you volunteer here?Hell, my mom made me.It was this or reform school.Oh... you are young and full of life.You should not be surrounded by death and disease.(speaks German)Life is to be lived.You said it, sister.(laughs)Here.I know what a girl like you needs."Fraulein Elsa's Cabinet of Curiosities."What is it?Only by entering will you learn its secrets.Whoa, miss.You don't want to go in there, believe me.Will I find a monster?That's what the papers are saying, Officer Pipes.Papers ain't lying.All the more reason to allow in just a touch of human kindness.Don't you agree?(door creaks)♪ ♪(gasps)Oh...(quietly speaking German)(gasps)(both gasp)I don't know you.What pretty girls you are.And so fortunate to have a sister.You will need something to wear when you leave here.I will be honest.It was quite eerie out there.At your farmhouse.Violence lingers in the air...Why is she being so nice to us?She wants something.You know they called you dim-witted in the newspapers, because you don't speak.But someone reads.And my intuition tells me it wasn't your dear departed mom.Betty Grable is my favorite.There's a bit of Betty about you.Sensual lips.That sassy smile.I've had a long, complicated love affair with show business myself, you know?Have you ever met Betty?Our paths nearly crossed.But fate intervened.When we lived in Alabama, I saw her in Tin Pan Alley.Shut up! What's wrong with you?Anyway.Let's have a look at you, lefty, hmm?You're no Betty Grable.But... you do remind one of Jean Arthur.(coughs)Have you ever had a boyfriend?Either of you?I must confess: One of your doctors... shared your X-ray reports with me.It says you have two hearts.But... only one reproductive system.(quiet chuckle)Complicated, no?Ah, tell me.Has anyone tasted your cherry pie?Oh, dear God-- she's a psycho pervert!She's down to earth is all.So, you're virgins?Sad for you.But do you at least pleasure yourselves?She never wants that.I hate you.If I touch myself, she closes her eyes and pretends she doesn't feel anything.She told me she leaves her body.I think she's lying.I think she likes it.Oh, shut your disgusting mouth, you slut!And you... get out of this room.Yeah.You rest now.But I'll be back.I never give up on a friend.Meine liebchen.(door closes)(kissing, passionate moaning)(laughs)(moans, laughs)No, no, no. Don't stop.Come on, I want to do it.We can't afford a baby.Well, I stole two rubbers from Drucker's because I just can't get enough of you.I have something for you, too.It's in my car.Stay here.(laughs)Okay.(gasps)Um... who are you?(gasps)Oh, oh.Oh, for me.Oh, okay.Thank you.(laughs anxiously)What-what happened to the rest of your mask?Who the hell is this?Wait, y-you didn't hire him?Troy...?Troy?Bonnie: No!(panting)(slicing)(wheezing, maniacal laughter)No!No! (panting)(raspy panting)No!♪ Look good in your short shorts ♪
♪ Down at the beach ♪
♪ I really go for your tan ♪
♪ Down at the beach ♪
♪ Well, now, let's get down and dirty... ♪
♪ Down at the beach... ♪Clipping coupons?(chuckles) It's a review for Stage Fright.Dietrich's new film.Clearly Mr. Hitchcock had some kind of mental break when he cast her in this picture.Look, look at all of them.Here.This one is from The Garden of Allah, calling her box office poison.They paid her $200,000to take a hot sh1t on that movie.I-I don't get to the movies much.(tapping cup)Refill. Refill!(giggling)(muttering in German)Jimmy: I'm serious.(giggling continues)I'm serious.I'm serious, I'm not kidding, okay?I can ride a motor bike like the wind.Yes...What are you doing after work?I can take you, if you're lucky. Okay.Yeah. Done deal.We'll go around the block a couple times.A couple times? Yeah.That'd be fun.Maybe you come check out my place.Why don't you just take me home?Home? Yeah, that's great. Mm-hmm.Fancy meeting you here.I can't seem to get this thing to work.Would you try?Is this your mom?(chuckles)Hit the road, toots.You selfish good-for-nothing!I find us this place that can be a home, where we can expand our show, build an audience, become a destination, and you would risk it all for some floozy?I heard what the landlord said.They don't want us here anymore.You're living in your own dream, Elsa.Now, be careful with these, Ma Petite.I only have two pair left.Okay, Miss Elsa.They're so pretty. They are so pretty, just like you.Now, fold for Mama.Where were we, Herr Haddonfield?No offense, Miss Elsa, but I lost four toes to frostbite in the Ardennes in the winter of '44.It's Mr. Haddonfield, not "Herr."You Americans are so sensitive.You won the war.I'm going to need you and your troupe to vacate the field.But you gave us a year's lease! We've barely been here two months!No one's been coming to your shows, Miss Elsa.Yes, but I'm scouting new acts.There's a change in the air.I admire your spirit, Miss Elsa, I do, but there's a revival coming down from Georgia next week... preacher wants to plant his tent right here.And he pays in advance.In cash.Hmph.If it were up to me, I'd...(sighs)My wife doesn't like having the freaks staying in the field.She's having nightmares.My monsters wouldn't hurt a fly!So pretty, huh?Made in Belgium.Just for me.(inhales, sighs)You know, Mr. Haddonfield... you were our savior.(chuckles)I think I have a bottle of Schnapps.Perhaps you would like to come in and see the inside of a star's palace?Hmm?Jimmy: I still can't figure out how you got another month out of him.Mind your business.What, do you think all your charm is going to make that girl blind to your deformities?Huh?What happens when she sees you?All of you?(chuckles)You know where you're going to end up.Where they send indigent freaks-- the state mad house.And what about your mother?Huh?You want her to die drooling in some hideous asylum?We both know that's probably where she's headed anyway... where we're all headed.It's over, Elsa!You're wrong!Things are going to change.I have a plan.Waitress: You mind closing out your check now?I'm going on break.Oh, darling, it's on the house.Stars never pay.(women laughing)Woman: It was once a day.Now it's only once a week.Joanne: Once a week?I'm lucky if it happens once a year.It's a wonder Eddie Jr. was conceived at all.Every Thursday night at 9:00 p.m., he turns on Dragnet and climbs on top of me.He hasn't been the same since Korea.(woman laughs)♪ Just like a torch, you set the soul within me burning ♪
♪ I must go on ♪
♪ I'm on this road of no returning ♪
♪ And though it burns me and it turns me into ashes ♪
♪ My whole world crashes ♪It's your turn, Myrna.♪ Without your kiss of fire... ♪Where did you... find it?I took in that new roadside attraction.Wandered into an empty tent, and the real show began.(chuckles)Oh, don't be afraid.Oh, you'll be so relaxed after.♪ If I'm a slave, then it's a slave I want to be ♪
♪ Don't pity me ♪Gather round, ladies!♪ Don't pity me... ♪Now, I'm not much of a public speaker, but this new product is a lifesaver for the American housewife.If you're very quiet, you can hear a burp.(plastic lid pops)(chuckles) You hear that?That is the patented seal of freshness.And it comes in all these wonderful colors.These lovely pastels like I know y'all love to wear.♪ Your kiss of fire... ♪(woman continues indistinctly)Don't worry... I don't bite.♪ If I'm a slave, then it's a slave I want to be ♪Come here, baby.♪ Give me your lips ♪
♪ The lips you only let me borrow ♪
♪ Love me tonight and let the devil take tomorrow ♪
♪ I know that I must have your kiss ♪
♪ Although it dooms me ♪
♪ Love, it consumes me ♪(sighs)(breathlessly): Oh, yes...♪ Your kiss ♪Oh, yes!♪ Of fire. ♪(moaning, gasping)Oh, yes.Oh... oh, yes!Bette: What do you suppose the police will ask us when they come?They'll want to hear about everything what happened.You know, we didn't really see much.Dot: Let me do the talking.What did you see?Tell me about your terrible tragedy.It was a robbery gone bad.I'm sure the man was enraged when he found we had nothing to steal.It was a moonless night.Bette was asleep, but something woke me.I heard footsteps.(gasps)(stabbing, slicing)So you saw just that one man?He had on a fedora.A black fedora, and he reeked of Aqua Velva.Dot: Stop talking.It was terrible.First he strangled Mama with her own necklace while she was doing needlepoint.Dot: Shut up, Bette!Very interesting.That would make a terrifying movie.If it hadn't already been done.What are you talking about?The original Gaslight."Strangled by her own necklace while she was doing needlepoint."Bette, if you are going to talk, make sure what comes out of your mouth is more than just a regurgitated plot.Bette: She knows.And, Dot, even I am aware that your mother died two days before you were found with fresh wounds.You two should try harder to get your story straight... before the coppers show up.Radio announcer: We interrupt this program to bring you breaking news.Jupiter Police have confirmed the identity of the two bodies found murdered in their home in the quiet enclave of Bridgewater.Jeffrey and Mildred Bachman had been dead for at least a week before neighbors made the horrific discovery.(heavy breathing)(screaming)Neighbors described the brutal scene as, and I quote, "a blood bath."Corey Bachman, the couple's eight-year-old son, remains missing.(screaming)This recent discovery, the killing of Troy Miller and the abduction of Bonnie Lipton, along with the death of Eudora Tattler, bring to four the number of shocking murders that have terrified the residents of our peaceful hamlet in the past two weeks.