♪ ♪(silverware tapping glass)Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the American Morbidity Museum's Night of Discovery. It is your insatiable curiosity, your unquenchable quest for knowledge, and of course your generous donations that have made this evening possible. All of you. But I want to acknowledge one person in particular without whom none of us would be here tonight. Mr. James Martone.(applause)Mr. Martone...Did you think for a split second she was gonna call your name?(scoffs) Why not?(chuckles) I certainly deserve it. Without me, there wouldn't be a gala exhibition.But you and I-- we toil in the dark, unrecognized, unappreciated.But well paid.Lillian: ...by presenting an exhibit of exquisite human anomalies. We call it "Modern Mutations." Phocomelia.(crowd gasps)In layman's terms, the illustrated seal boy.Maggie: That's a real nice fantasy, but where are you gonna get the tanks?I already got one lined up from a bankrupt aquarium in Wichita. I put a deposit on a barn outside of town, so we'll store the bodies and the tanks until the time comes.But I told you, I'm not gonna be involved with murder.Oh, no, no. Accidents happen all the time.Ugh. People run away from the circus, right?No questions asked.The key is preserving the specimens, keeping up appearances.So these freaks are gonna be beautiful corpses?How?Poison? Suffocation? Drowning?Yeah. All great ideas.That's why I got to keep Elsa on the hook.I have to have access and the time to finesse it.And I need you on the inside to help me.What's the matter, you going soft?No.Ah. You need to put a little lead in your loafers, cupcake.The only thing people in Jupiter hate more than freaks are poofs.Get rid of the magazines, Stanley.(sighs)Done.Does that mean you're in?I'm in.But since I have to live with them, I want an additional five percent.(chuckles)That's my girl.Always eyes on the prize.Fraulein Elsa's Cabinet of Curiosities is about to have a terrible run of bad luck.(armoire door creaks shut)(clock chiming)Dora!It's quarter past 7:00!I don't hear the percolator on.(screaming)Dandy!Mother!Dandy! Mother!(yells) Mother!Someone's broken into our home and murdered Dora.Oh, God, Dandy, what have you done?! Oh, God!I'm sorry! She's a mother!She was saying awful things to me!Just like everything else in your life, I'm the one who has to clean it up.I'll help!We can dig a hole in the backyard by the potagerie.Go to your room and stay there!And I don't want to see your face for the rest of the day!Stanley: Miss Mars?You are late, Mr. Spencer.Oh, ah.My sincere apologies.I was lost in the maze of tents.(whistles)What an extraordinary place, a marvel.And... the most marvelous is you here in the flesh.It's a full house tonight, you know.Schnapps? Hmm.And please, get to the point.The show can't go on without its star.Hmm. Well, as you know, I'm here from the land of dreams--Hollywood, California.And who do you work for?Is it MGM?Mm-mm. No.RKO? (chuckles)I work for the biggest network in television, WBN-- the Worldwide Broadcasting Network.As I'm sure you're aware, being a woman of the world, TV is the new thing.I would rather be boiled in oil than... be on television.Huh.You know, over 40% of this country's population owns a television set, Miss Mars.TV is the future.Squeezing the beauty and glamour of the silver screen into that little black and white box-- this is the future, Mr. Spencer?(chuckles)I find it very depressing.Hmm.But, Miss Mars, imagine yourself in everyone's living room at the exact same moment.Everyone in America listening to you sing and entertain them.Your name on the tip of everyone's tongue. My name alongside some of type of, uh, instant coffee or shampoo?(scoffs) No.I know for a fact motion pictures will never be replaced by your TV, no.Motion pictures are the expression of our souls, our inner dreams and fantasies.So let me get this straight.You'd rather perform in front of a tent full of rednecks and forego indoor plumbing than star in The Elsa Mars Hour.I would never participate in what I consider to be the death... of art and civilization.Well, not everyone wants the same thing.I look forward to seeing your act.I'm sure it's gonna slay me.Jimmy: That's right, folks.For as long as I can remember, uh, I've been known as Lobster Boy.Known as Lobster Boy.(drumroll)For as long as I can remember, I've been known as Lobster Boy--Son of Neptune, God of the Sea.But my pincers don't hold me back.Watch me juggle.Whoa. Whoa.You still rehearse? Oh.(laughs)Yeah.After all these years, I still get stage fright.We haven't had a full house in as long as I can remember.Well, that's because of you.You're a local hero.Right now, I want to throw up.I can take your mind off it.Let me read your palm.I'll tell you your future.(chuckles)No, thanks.Do you want to know what I think?You're scared of what I might say, so you're chickening out.(laughs) Come on, give me your hand, stupid.Aw. You got nothing to lose.There's a shadow here.A shadow of a man.He's coming soon.He'll tell you things, make you promises.He's a liar.Stay away from him.Wow.You see all that in my hand?You need to leave as soon as possible; go north.Maybe New York.Big Apple, huh?Go now.What's stopping you?You're smart, you're good-looking.You could do anything you want.(clears throat softly)Anything except that, I guess.Your future's bright.I'm just not in it.Save it for the paying customers.I was an idiot to think I had a chance with a girl like you.Ethel: Anybody seen Dell?Full house, and the damn barker's nowhere to be found.I'll look for him.No, I need you to get the Pinheads ready for the opener.Jimmy, you go.No good son of a bitch probably passed out drunk in his caravan.(sighs)Thank you, my good man.Ah.Dell, open up!Come on, Dell! We don't have time for your sh1t!Let's go!(jazz music playing)Open up!He ain't here, Jimmy.Well, where is he? When's he coming back?Who the hell knows?sh1t.Come on, get your stuff.I ain't in the mood, Jimmy.On account of that asshole?(chuckles)Look, I know you all think he ain't nothing but a bully and a thug, but you don't know him like I do.Yeah, he's a regular Boy Scout.I ain't trying to make no apologies for him.It's just, we had a good life for a while.(chuckles)I'd always been a freak, but he made me proud of who I was.(sighs)'Cause when he'd trot me out there, we were a team.I'd drop my cloak, and the crowd would gasp.(laughs)Oh, and I never felt more alive in my life.Now all I feel is nothing.Empty.Maybe he don't want to be on my team anymore.(clicks tongue)What are you still doing here?The whole town's come out to see you.Go on, now.I didn't do anything.You want to know who was brave?Meep.Sometimes life is just a bleak pool of despair, and there ain't nothing you can do about it.What do you know about it?You ever kill somebody?I let my pride and my anger get the best of me.And now Meep's dead because of me.And there ain't nothing I can do to ever wipe that off my slate.I wish I could take it back.(sniffles)(crying): I didn't mean it.I'm sorry, Meep.It should have been me.Oh... oh, hush, now.It should have been me.Hush. Shh, shh, shh.(sobbing): I wasn't there to protect you.Come on, come on, come on.You're one of the good guys, Jimmy. Huh?You're good.Huh?Uh, no...(panting)(moans)Make me feel something, Jimmy.I want to feel... something again.(panting, moaning)(moaning loudly)Desiree: (shrieks) Stop! Stop, stop, stop!Stop, stop, stop!(gasping) sh1t!(gasps)Jimmy: Help!Help me! She needs a doctor!(gasping)Amazon Eve: Oh, my God, she's bleeding.Pepper: Blood! Blood! Blood!We need a car.I got to get her to a hospital!All of you, in your places now!Where's Dell?He's not here.Go and get up on that stage.Folks are here to see ya.I'll handle this.(drumroll)(laughter, applause)Salty and Pepper, ladies and gents!And now... for the grand lady herself-- welcome to the stage Fraulein Elsa Mars!(crowd cheering)♪ ♪
♪ It's a god-awful small affair ♪
♪ To the girl with the mousy hair ♪
♪ But her mommy is yelling, "No!" ♪
♪ And her daddy has told her to go ♪
♪ But her friend is nowhere to be seen ♪(distorted, echoing cough)♪ Now she walks through her sunken dream ♪(chattering voices echo)♪ To the seat with the clearest view ♪
♪ And she's hooked to the silver screen ♪(chattering voices echo)♪ But the film is a saddening bore ♪(distorted chatter, laughing)♪ For she's lived it ten times or more ♪
♪ She could spit in the eyes of fools ♪(distorted chatter continues)♪ As they ask her to focus on... ♪(amplified heartbeat)(ears ringing)(amplified heartbeat continues)(bag crinkling loudly)(loud crunching)(amplified heartbeat continues)(object whooshes)(echoing thud)(amplified heartbeat continues)(amplified heartbeat continues)(crowd booing loudly, shouting)Knock, knock.You wanted to see me?Yeah.Tell me more about this... television.(shudders) What?All of a sudden now you're modest?Well, I ain't never been to no doctor before.(knocking)Just get up on the table.Bonham: You ready for me?Uh...Yeah, uh, she's ready.Wait. Wait.You're leaving?Oh.No. I can stay if you like.Vaginal bleeding. Do you have regular menses?Do you bleed once a month?(scoffs) Once a month? Oh, God, no.Maybe a couple times a year.But this isn't that.Tonight I was fooling around with Jimmy.Lobster Boy.I think he pierced a hole right through me.Let's take a look, shall we?It's okay.He's gonna take a look.Lie down.Gonna take a look at you.(gasps)(gasps loudly)Shh.Just try to relax your belly.Where were you born?Philadelphia.The midwife smacked me on my ass and said, "Congratulations, Mary, you finally got you a boy."My mother was over the moon.She named me Derek, after her father, who was a baseball player.Thought maybe I'd follow in his footsteps.(chuckles softly)But that all changed when I turned 12 and started growing these.Bonham: Well...(groans)Okay, Doc.Don't sugarcoat it.Well, the midwife was wrong.You're not a boy; you never were.You probably have an excess of testosterone.Your body got confused and produced more estrogen to compensate, which may account for your accessory breast.What about my ding-a-ling?Um, that is not a pen1s.That is an enlarged clitoris, which I can surgically reduce if it bothers you.But either way, physically and genetically, you are 100% woman.Now, the bleeding that you experienced, that was a miscarriage, and I'm sorry to say that that was about 12 weeks.Now, there was no sign of injury, but the baby was just not viable.The baby?If you wait a few months, you and your husband can try again.But now I must be blunt.At your age, I wouldn't wait too long.I could have a baby with Dell.Gloria: Make sure it's extra deep, gentlemen.I'm planting a whole slew of Narcissus bulbs for spring.They're divine when arranged with Siberian iris.Miss Gloria, you only need 18 inches for Narcissus.We're already at 12 feet.They are special bulbs from Holland.Please do not question me.Dandy: The body will decompose down there and give life to these flowers.In spring, we will look down at the blanket of color and say, "She did not die in vain."I'm sorry I killed Dora, Mother.I hate to have put you out like this.You have the sickness like your father had before you.He stifled it the only way he could.These mental perversions are an affliction of the extremely affluent.Cousins marry cousins to protect the money, to keep the estates whole.Inbreeding.Becomes a right of passage to have a psychotic or two in the line.Jack the Ripper was a Windsor, for God's sake.I wanted to be an actor, Mother.None of this would've happened if you had let me.I need to express myself.Please, Mother, I...I don't want to end up like Daddy.Swinging lifeless on a Japanese maple.I won't have that for you.But it's 1952.You can't just go around picking up vagrants and killing them.