Elsa: The death of a beloved monster is always a sorrow, but never a surprise. If oddly-formed organs or a random physical anomaly doesn't claim them, then it is at the sheer density of their blaze. A carny's life burns and brighter than most. It is bound to extinguish sooner.Paul: Pepper. Pepper, it's time.It isn't Salty anymore. It's just a body. A shell.Elsa: No long-lingering embers. A life lived to its fullest and then-- phfft--Nahrung fur Wurmer.Worm food.Of course she understands death.Why am I the only one in the camp who knows the depth of that girl's soul, huh?Still, Salty's body is about to give off a smell, and she won't budge from that bed.Elsa: Most Pinheads die before the age of 40.No...(screaming)(sobbing)Elsa: Salty died in his sleep, right next to his soul mate.A stroke, one presumes.We should all go that way.And my sweet Pepper, she never mistreated him or took advantage of his moronic nature.Ugh, he was so stupid.Und I worked so hard with him.Flash cards, and... brain teasers.All to no avail.Not like Pepper.She could communicate.He was a grunter.Crude and moronic.(chuckles)But she was absolutely devoted to him.What is that look?Hmm?I want you to take a good look at your face.Tell me what you see.You're a creep.No, that's the face of suffering.That's a face of a woman overwhelmed with too much worry and responsibility.All I have left is worry.You know what, Richard?I want you out of here.Ah.Out of this camp.Elsa, dearest lady.What's this?This is the telegram we've been waiting for.This came this morning.The head of the network wants to meet with us in three weeks.What does he want me to do?All he wants you to do is to rest.You know, get your beauty rest.Huh.Look, I have a source who tells me that a slot is opening up soon--Friday night, 8:00.After Perry Como?Elsa.No, I mean...You have to understand, you-you've...No, no. Yes, I know, I know.It's just that I've waited so long.I don't know what to say.Which is precisely why you have to listen to me when I tell you that all this tragedy that you've experienced has, frankly, taken its toll on you.You need to rest.But my Pepper.No, she needs me now.Which is why you need me to take care of her.Just as I have so rigorously taken care of you.We will have a splendid cremation.And I will present dear Pepper with his ashes in an urn inlaid with-with mother-of-pearl.No. No.And she could always keep him close.No!No.She will want a proper burial.Perfumed shrouds.Elsa.What?I have worked miracles for you.I have made your dreams come true.Let me take care of the body.What must a man do to earn your trust?"'Wasn't I real before?' asked the little rabbit. 'You were real to the boy,' the fairy said, 'because he loved you. Now you shall be real to everyone.' And she held the little rabbit close in her arms and flew with him to the wood."That's beautiful, Dessi.You're gonna make a great mom someday.Can I talk to you for a second?Shh...I've made mistakes.I haven't been the best husband to you, but I want another chance.You saved my life, Dessi.And you saved mine.You don't owe me anything.But we've put too many years into this thing to just quit now.We both deserve a shot at happiness, Dell.And I could never make you happy.Truly happy.(Pepper groans)Now go on now.You're making her upset.(groaning intensifies)All right, Pepper.All right, I got to go.No, no. I can't now, Pepper.Okay, look.I've got to go put my face on for the show.But we can finish reading after curtain.Stay...I can't, baby.The show must go on.Stay! Stay! Stay!Stay!You finished?Hmm?Good.Now you clean all this sh1t up.Mm.How is our little Pinhead?She won't eat.And she just turned her tent upside down.Yes. Poor girl.It was an old emptiness Salty filled for her.Schnapps?Sure.Sit down.And her fit came when you tried to leave, no?(laughs gently) How did you know?Well... we all fear that we will end up alone, that love will be pulled from us.But it is even stronger for Pepper.She has known nothing but abandonment her entire life.Until I found her, of course.Prost!Gesundheit.Well, what will we do when you leave for Hollywood?Hmm? (chuckles)I mean, Ma Petite, Salty, then you?That girl may throw herself from the top of the Ferris wheel from grief.Well, we can't let that happen.We'll have to find a way to rouse her spirits.You know, I came to this country in 1936.Hitler had already made it plenty unpleasant for artists in Berlin.There was little work for an émigré.There was little work for anyone, really, unless you wanted to build a dam or highway.So I found myself with the Gypsies, the carny folk, in Boston.My English wasn't good enough to headline, yet, so I suffered through being a chorus girl behind lesser talents.(woman cries out)Still, I made my way to the top of the heap quickly.You alright?***But I don't like working for other people.I need to be in charge.To have my own show.(groans)The circus owners were morons.Ring leader: I don't want any freaks.They could not see the future.I knew there was a war coming.The boys would be sent off to fight, the women put to work, and who would be left to get on stage and make them laugh or cry or forget their worries?The freaks.So I decided to start my own collection of oddities.The idea was simple-- they would come for the freaks, but stay for the star.But where to find my pets?Most people don't see beauty in someone like Pepper.They see shame.They see human garbage.So I went to the place where people throw other people away.(bell tolling)An orphanage.(children shouting playfully)(door closes)♪ ♪(laughs)She never knew her father.Her mother died.Her sister loved her but simply could not handle the burden.Orphanages don't usually take 18-year-olds, but Pepper had the mind of a child.I offered to adopt her, but since she was of legal age, they just let us leave together.I think they were worried I might change my mind.But how could I?I loved her.My first monster.Adoration, affection, idolization-- I am a performer, I had felt them all in droves.But when this strange-looking little one looked at me, it was the first time I had ever felt unconditional love.(birds chirping)(applause, cheering)I knew, after her first performance, that she was a keeper.♪ ♪My collection grew.I took great pride in mothering my troupe.Most of them knew nothing of the world, save for how to survive in it.But I could tell that none of my teaching or attention was going to make my firstborn happy.She was a woman now and she had maternal needs.But she couldn't possibly be allowed to breed.Little did I know that the answer to my prayers would arrive a few weeks later from the Far East.(Indian music playing)Suryamohan Bahadur was the Maharaja of Kapurthala.The Maharaja was touring the U.S.He was a slave to the British, but he was the richest slave on Earth.He traveled with an entourage-- footmen, concubines, eunuchs... and one tiny miracle.I needed her, but he could not be moved.(speaking native language)The Maharajah says the girl is a ***, an untouchable.To trade her for anything, would assume the Raj is giving her value.Aide: He takes it as a personal insult.She is his favorite pet.He would never part with her.(insects trilling outside)Elsa: He finally caved in when I offered him three cases.Dr. Pepper.Sweet irony, no?I had never seen Pepper so happy.(laughs)Her maternal needs were fulfilled.And yet, she wanted more.She needed a husband.A spiritual husband.I wrote to every orphanage in the country.Six months later, a home for wayward boys in Cincinnati wrote back.It was love at first sight.(movie projector clicking)I officiated the wedding, obviously.It was a magical affair.Simple... the bride and groom knew six words between them, but it was deeply moving.♪ ♪They raised Ma Petite as their own child.And I was their fairy godmother.Theirs was a love story for the ages.They never hurt a soul, never sinned.Pure spirits.That girl... lost everyone she loved.You got to find out if her sister is still around.I mean, Pepper is not the handful she used to be.She's a grown woman, now.Useful.Maybe you're right.(exhales)Perhaps it's time for our little angel...(sighs)...to go back home.(laughing)Maggie... (giggles) you remember Angus?Hello, ma'am.Nice to make your acquaintance.We want to have...I know exactly what you want.Welcome to Mystic Esmeralda's Temple of Destiny.Have a seat.(gasps)Maggie: Fine tall drink of water, there, Desiree.Where'd you round him up?Desiree: You remember that evening when I was showin' off the new dance craze?♪ Mamba, baby ♪(cheering, whistling)♪ Tonight ♪♪ You turned darkness... ♪Angus: I knew right then and there, my days as a confirmed bachelor were over. (giggles)I had to make her mine.Ooh...(laughs) Mmm...So... tell us... what do you see in our future?You're a traveler.A salesman, roaming door-to-door.Why, yes.That's right.Jefferson's Floor Wax make your home shiny and new.(both laughing)Ooh, hush, now.Oh, let's get to the good stuff.You're a romantic.A dreamer.I see you two lovebirds starting a new beginning.Somewhere out west.Oh, a small house... a white picket fence...Oh, that's right, Angus.Mama needs a picket, and the picket better be white.Oh, whatever you want, baby, you got it.Well, how many kids we gonna have?Ooh, kids!(laughing)Then... everything goes to sh1t, because that's what happens.You'll start to... despise each other.There's no joy.There's no hope.It guts you, ripping you apart, piece by piece, until one day you find yourself standing in a kitchen heating up *** and creeping a pillow.Angus, I think I've had enough of the fairy tales for one evening.Maggie's had a long day.Let's you and me go get some ice cream.I'm a God-fearing Christian.I don't believe in this sorcery stuff, anyway.It doesn't matter what you believe.It all ends the same.Let's get out of here.(coins clatter)(metallic creaking)Desiree: Hey!Miss Sunshine and Roses!What was that back there?You weren't telling my future.You were telling your own.Your man is rotting in a cell and here you are, full of whiskey and self-pity.That's right.There's nothing I can do for him.And I'll let you in on a little secret: I'm no fortune-teller.I could've told you that, sugar.We're on the grift.Me and Stanley."Mr. Spencer" is not a Hollywood talent scout.He's not?We're business partners.Have been for years.Maggie: Paper! Get your paper!Who wants a paper?Kansas City Star!Paper?(watch ticking)Get your paper!Kansas City Star!Paper, paper!I caught you, you little scamp.Show me what's under your coat. Come on.Get your hands off me, you pervert.Stanley: Officer! Officer, please. Please. Forgive my boy. He just got a part in the stage production of Oliver Twist. Now, he's come from such privilege that he wanted to see what it felt like to be poor and hungry.Maggie: Stanley didn't think I was so convincing. Offered to make me his partner for ten cents on the dollar. That was big money for me back then.So your parents, they just let you go off with this man?I didn't have parents. Not really. I had to fend for myself, and... well, Stanley fed me, kept me out of the rain. And he never laid a finger on me.So you all are criminals?What could you possibly want with a bunch of freaks like us?We're fleecing your customers. When the lights go down, we pick their pockets.Oh, you all came down here to Jupiter, Florida, to pick a bunch of pockets?I wasn't born on a farm, but I do know bullshit when I smell it, and I gotta say... that is some bullshit.