Countess: Women age differently than men do. In a man, the left ventricle, the one that pumps red blood into the body, gets larger, thicker as he gets older. In a woman, it shrinks. I am now more than a century old. My heart must be just a few karats at this point. There is room there for very little, so what still fits inside means more to me than ever. It means everything.♪The last 100 years of my immortal life have been a lie. The illusion of control. In truth, I have controlled nothing. I have surrounded myself with fools and flatterers, put my trust in those who could not be trusted.(Valentino grunting, Rambova screams)I have a sneaking suspicion you're going to miss your train.Countess: Enemies without. Enemies within. It is time to construct something new. Something durable. With fortifications of iron, stone and steel. I will not be ruled. I will not be managed.Will: We move all of this.I pop in a dance floor over there.I'll fly in Calvin to do the music.Let's not have some big vulgar display.I'd rather we just do something simple and intimate.All I need is you, a justice of the peace, Lachlan to bear the rings, and sprays of lilies of the valley.Are you kidding?Will Drake is getting married.This wedding needs to be the event of the season.Trust me, I'm a showman.This is what I do.Well, I'm no show pony.What are you talking about?I love you, Will.You need me, I'm restorative, but you let the world suck you dry of any inspiration, and now you want to invite them back in.I can't be a part of that.It's them or me.It's you.It's-it's always you.If you want something intimate, then that's what it'll be.This is your wedding.It's our wedding.You design my gown.I'll take care of everything else.I suppose it would be a little awkward with all that paparazzi around and you being so... camera shy, as it were.Have the flowers delivered by Wednesday morning.You're kidding.Right?Bitch, do you honestly think I would lift a finger to help you with your wedding after what you did?Tristan never loved you.He didn't know how to love.You didn't know him... at all!He did love me.You may have taken him away, but I will not let you take that.Buy your own damn flowers.(door slams shut)Countess: My largess betrays me. Those to whom I have given much repay me only with resentment and ingratitude. Security can be found only by looking into oneself. Others only make a mess of things.Newswoman (over TV): The body of a homeless man, who appears to have been exsanguinated, was found in the City of Industry last night.No word on how the man's blood was drained, or if this might be related to a series of similar murders that have taken place in the city over the past few weeks.Police are searching for a small group of children who may have witnessed the attack.Countess: A woman can only be pushed so far. And I'm right on the edge.(phone ringing)I'm weary.(ringing continues)(over phone): Hello.Weary of the world failing me.Yeah, I think I found your boy.Weary of the steady drip, drip of disappointment. I won't be disappointed again.(hinges creaking)May I come in?Only if you kiss me first.(both laughing softly)(laughing)(passionate moaning)Countess: Oh, God.I forgot how good you feel inside me.(moaning)(sighing)Oh, God.Why did I ever let you leave me?You didn't let me.You threw me out.Oh, yeah.That's right.You should have fought harder.Well, I was going to, but you killed him before I could.Promise me... from now on, it's just me.Forever.Monogamy, Donovan?Commitment.We can do what we want with whoever we want...Mm-hmm....but you love only me.I swear it.But I won't make the same mistakes again.It's going to require more than words.It requires actions.Whatever you want, baby.(moaning)Good.I'm getting married on Wednesday.What?Relax. I'll be a widow by Thursday.A rich widow.(chuckles)I want to make a clean start of things.Clear away all the detritus of our lives.Great, who should we kill first?After your betrothed, I mean.Let's make a list.♪
♪(bell dings)(chuckles)Sorry, douche bag convention is over at the Hilton.We have a reservation.Under my name, Stormcock.Okay.Would that be a... last name or the whole thing, like Madonna?Do you have the reservation or not?It's right here.So, uh, what are you guys planning on doing up there?Man: Oh, nothing unusual.Straight s*x, blow job.I'll probably rim her.Woman: You're not sticking your tongue in my ass.Nothing like a prude p0rn star.I'll bring up some extra towels after you've settled in.Thank you.("Blue Monday" by New Order playing)Iris: I got nothing against pornography, when it's done right. I went and saw Deep Throat at the Royal on Santa Monica Boulevard, just like everyone else. Hell, even William Buckley went.(blow-dryer whirring)That was shot with real actors, on sets, with a script. Nowadays, any couple of yahoos can take out their iPhones and pretend to be the Sydney Pollack of s*x flicks. And because of that World Wide Web, they can actually make a buck off of it.♪And plenty of them are picking the Hotel Cortez to make their mess-terpieces.(woman moaning)In the past, I'll admit it, I was an enabler. I'd take the money and hand them a key and try not to think about what was happening upstairs.But ever since I was converted, I can't turn away. I don't want to.♪It's a new me. I'm becoming a goddamn Dirty Harriet.(elevator bell dings)p0rn hurts people. Hurts the girls who think they need to screw like that. Hurts the guys who think girls want to screw like that. I'm not uptight, I just don't want it going on in my hotel anymore. Donovan will like his strong new mother. Hell, I'm an example for mothers everywhere now.(woman moaning)I told you you were being too loud.I'm always loud when I'm faking it.What the hell?Douche bag.Oh, my God.(gasps)Please, I don't want to die.I don't want to...(laughing)Hello, Iris.Dono, what are you doing here?Wow.Wow. I mean, I heard what you did to those hipsters a couple weeks ago, about how you were ready to off The Countess's kids, but I thought it was just tall tales.But you have clearly come into your own.'Cause of you.But, listen, it's not safe for you here.There's been a problem.Countess: Someone let Bartholomew out of his room.sh1t.I nearly lost him.I demand to know who's responsible.Well, wasn't me.Is the life you're protecting really worth losing your own?Or your son's?Donovan had nothing to do with it.It was Ramona Royale.I'm worried that she's gonna put it together that the three of us are in cahoots.We need a plan "B."I'm way ahead of you.The Countess thinks I'm back with her.(chuckles)That's why I'm here.Tell me she doesn't have her hooks in you.Not at all, Mother.Look... just sit tight, keep quiet.The less you know, the better.And when I need you, I'll let you know.Man: Hey, hello? Can somebody call the police?(laughs)Man: No. No, no!We are hot sh1t, buddy.I can't believe you're marrying a girl.I'm gonna be blunt.Your father is bisexual.People think that word means something dirty, but it doesn't.It means I like men and I like women, equally.People don't understand, so they treat me like I'm weird.Or like I'm trying to hide something.Or that... That you only like guys?Yeah, something like that.(chuckles)And if you're lucky, once in your life, you find somebody who really understands you.And I didn't think someone like that existed for me.Until I met The Countess.(sighs)She's the one.And when you meet the one, you hold on tight and you never let go.Don't marry her.She's not the one for you.For any man.Excuse me, who are you?How did you get in here?That's Ms. Evers.She works here.Would you like me to bring you a knife, Mr. Drake?Perhaps a pistol?Or are you the type who would prefer to hurl yourself out a window?Excuse me? Well, clearly you want to commit suicide.Why else would you agree to marry that poisonous leech of a woman?You are way out of line.If you marry The Countess, you will die.And your boy, too, probably.Get the hell out of here.You must believe me, sir. Once she puts the ring on your finger, she will bleed you dry.I have a prenup to protect me from that.Get the hell out of here.You're fired. I was supposed to be married!I loved him.But he chose to love her instead.My father always said to marry a homely woman.Less trouble.I disagree.I adore you. I depend on you.Look at the suit I'm wearing.It was covered in bile, literal bile, from a pullman I knifed the other day.It's like nothing was ever there.(laughs)You're a genius.But The Countess is a creature from heaven.Style, grace, beauty.It's not your fault you were graced with... different gifts.No one survives her.Please leave.I never want to see you in this hotel again.So be it.One day, very soon, you will understand.You will know nothing but pain, hmm?And I will be there.And you will reach out to me for help and mercy, and in return, I will watch you die with a smile on my face, because I will know that once you are gone, I will get the chance to clean the blood and sh1t out of that pretty formal wear of yours.(door opens, closes)I just wanted to confirm everything because it looks like someone just tried to open up this wall.Yes, and I'm telling you now to close it.With a security door.I'm turning this entire wing into a secure archive for Mr. Drake's previous collections.It needs to be impenetrable.For insurance purposes, of course.I'd feel more comfortable if we checked with the owner first.We won't say anything to him.It's a surprise. A wedding gift.When's the happy day?I expect this all to be done by tomorrow.(chuckles) It's gonna take at least a week to order these parts.You got a dozen ceiling-mounted I.P. cameras, you got biometric...The details don't interest me, boo.Results are the only thing that matters.What you're asking is impossible.March: "In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd."Miguel de Cervantes.Is this your decorator?I'm the silent partner.The lady has an eye for improvements, does she not?Well, as I was explaining, there's a lot of moving parts.You are clouding your mind with the inconsequential.It's quite simple.This is a load-bearing wall.Abundantly strong enough for just about any steel you lug up here.After that, it's just a matter of a few rivets.I have extensive experience on this.Gather your materials and your men, and I will guide you through it.I'll do what I can.Yes, that's the spirit!Make haste! Much to accomplish!Don't worry your pretty head, dear.I'll see to it you get what you want.Are you out of your goddamn mind?!I'd kill you if you weren't dead already.You disgust me.You're still upset about the dago.You screwed up, Jimmy.You robbed me of the thing I loved the most.And now I never want to see your pathetic, miserable face ever again.But we have an arrangement!Please.Our dinners are my sole comfort in this stygian heap.The chamber must be completed by tomorrow.(grunting) You try to run, I will kill you so fast.(knocking)What the hell?I was taught it was impolite to visit a friend empty-handed.(grunts) Shut up.I saw what kind of friend you were.Oh. You're a scared little pussy, Donovan.Couldn't find your balls if they were dangling by a string on her bedpost.You could never be the kind of man I need to take her down.You're wrong.I've been newly motivated.Tell me more.I love a good humiliation.What did she do to you that she hasn't already done?She took me back.Yeah.The Countess told me she made a mistake, and I was the one.Forever.We made love like it was the first time.But you didn't believe her.(chuckles)Oh, I did.(chuckles) I did.I wanted her even more than I did before.Because I knew what it felt like to live without her.And that's-that's when I realized it was never going away-- my desperation for her.It is a horrible feeling to have a craving that you can never satiate.It's an addiction.I've been where you are.Let me think about where we go from here.No, it has to be tonight.She's getting married to Will Drake tomorrow.She's distracted.Also, I slipped enough GHB into her drink to knock out an elephant.