(elevator bell dings)So we're really gonna stay.Well, you know what Paris does to me.Dior, Lagerfeld.You should see their ateliers.I want mine to be right here.This place inspires me.Is that okay with you?Yeah.I made some friends.What would you think if I told you that me and my blonde lady friend are gonna be together forever?I thought you liked men?(chuckles nervously)Well, adults are complicated.Then I approve.Mr. Drake.I think we've got a problem.It's one-inch steel.It runs the whole length of this section.It's not in any of the plans.Tear it out.I'm on a schedule.Man: It smells like sh1t in there.Man 2: No, it smells like death.(scoffs)I don't think we should go down there.(mimicking): "Eh, it smells like death."(laughs)Come on, you pussy.This place has been sealed up for years.(shouts)(screams)♪ ♪Do you know who you are?John: California.Which hospital?Mr. Lowe, you're at the West Los Angeles Health Center.I'd like to ask you some questions to determine your state of mind.Could you start by counting backwards from 100 by sevens?Uh, 93...86... seventy... seventy-nine....Uh, what was the last one I said?Tell me which statement most accurately describes what you're feeling."I am not discouraged about my future."Are you sure you want to stay here?I mean, there are more comfortable places, John.I could get you into Resnick.This is perfect for me.In your own words, can you tell me why you're here?I, um, feel like everything's closing in on me.Some setbacks at work.Separation from my wife.Because of a misunderstanding, my daughter is afraid of me.I need professional help.I think that's a very important statement.The fact that you recognized your own fragility and took positive action.Was there a specific incident that prompted this latest episode?John: I've been working on a very frustrating case.There's a killer out there, murdering with impunity, using the Ten Commandments as justification.Hey, dickhead, you're on administrative leave.Captain sees you here, you won't even get your old job back.Who's the suspect?I'm not covering for you anymore.John: I want to talk to him.Where is he?John: I attacked the only friend I had.The one person who was trying to help me.And that's when you finally realized you needed help.Get some fresh air.You better be out of here, asshole!Okay, I'm going.I knew it was time I checked into a hospital.We'll get a handle on this, John.This is a good first step.I feel I'm exactly where I need to be.♪Does Mr. Drake know about this?Um, I don't think so.He's, um, he's in the middle of getting his anus waxed and bleached.Is that a thing now?I mean, how would someone even know their anus needs bleaching?I couldn't pick my butthole out of a lineup.Who did this?Not the new governess.No.I mean, look at 'em.Whoever did this was starving.What was in here?I don't know.What?I've just never seen you scared before.I convinced him I got him a fantastic deal, so he threw a free weekend on top of my commission.(chuckles)Don't tell him that I fudged the paperwork to make it look like he had multiple offers.Oh, honey.I'd rather be alone.You know, ever since I had to put Hallie down, I go through these spasms of grief.(knocking)Oh, there's the room service.Bye, Margaret.I hate that bitch.(knocking)All right! I'm coming. For God's sake...Aah!(grunting, slurping)(gasping)An eye for an eye.A tooth for a tooth!That is the law of my father! (gasps)You belong to the sheik!And cut. Good, let's do one more.(bell rings)(indistinct conversations)My God, he is so beautiful.Woman: My boyfriend says he's queer.Gibby. He's married to Natacha Rambova, one of the most exotic women in the whole world.They're getting a divorce. Don't you read Picture Play?And her name's not Rambova.It's Winifred Hudnut.And she's from Utah.So what? That just makes me admire her more.She transformed herself.The only thing she transformed is his career.She ruined it.Okay, people. Slavers and harem concubines-- you're up.This is for you. From him.Bellissima. Mm.You came.Please.I am so pleased you agreed to join me.(Italian song playing)You see, I...I often must dine alone.You?Mm.That's hard to believe.Well, it's not simple for me, you know?Fame is its own kind of, uh, prison.Please.It's a wonderful face.(gasps) You speak Italian!Well, I understand it, anyway.I'm from Bensonhurst.Italian's all my folks talked when I was growing up. Pop's from Sicily.He's a plumber.Mm.And you have come to Hollywood with dreams of becoming an actress.That is unfortunate.I think I see greater things in you.Greater than being immortal?'Cause that's what it means to be up on that screen.Shadows only.A hundred years and no one will remember what we did.No, I don't agree.I don't agree at all.I think the flickers are the future.A true American art form.(soft laugh)You are a true American art form.Are you making fun of me?No, no, no, little one.I am, uh... admiring you.I'm sorry. If it seems otherwise, it is only because... my English is not so good, huh? (chuckles)(song ends)(tango playing)I do better without words.♪(gasps)Mm.(tango continues)(soft gasp)♪(soft gasp)♪So... this is the mouse.Oh, my God, you're...The cat... little mouse.Valentino: This is my wife, Natacha.Rambova.(music stops)I am... so sorry, I thought...That I was divorcing my husband.And so I am.I sh...should go.No, no, no. Please, not yet, huh?Stay.Natacha... you must be gentle with our guest, huh?The divorce is for show.The studio has been trying to... tear us apart for years.We have decided the only way we can really be together is if... the world thinks we are not.I don't understand.Why am I here?Because, little mouse... (tango resumes loudly) ...gods have appetites.♪ ♪ ♪(tango continues)(women's distorted, echoed moaning)♪I hear he's not only rich, but single (lively 1920s jazz playing) and handsome, so far as that goes.How'd you meet this guy, anyway?I haven't met him yet.There isn't a flapper in this city who hasn't been invited to one of his private wingdings. You'd know that if you hadn't been out of circulation all summer.I've been around.Uh-huh.(giggles)(lively 1920s jazz continues)Okay, I can't take it anymore.So spill-- who have you been seeing?Nobody.Lies. You can't fool me.You're in love, aren't you?I'd like to welcome you all to the opening week (clapping) of the Hotel Cortez!A shame we can't all enjoy these libations in my new Blue Parrot Lounge, but... until someone with some sense repeals that nasty Volstead Act, both I and Mr. Capone will have to make due.Ah!Man: He's dead!Valentino's dead.He died in New York this morning.And his movie just came out.Bet the box office goes through the roof.♪(wind whooshing)♪(sobbing)(gasping breaths)Your heart's beating like a hummingbird.Let me go!(breathing quiets)No. I don't suppose I will.(soft, gasping breaths)Shh...In fact...I may never let you go.It's just so... tragic.I guess we missed her.Who?The Lady in Black.She's been coming here for months every day and leaving a single red rose.I thought that was a myth.No, it's true.It says so right here."Rumors have sprung up of a mysterious figure visiting Valentino's tomb. The Lady In Black has left a single red rose next to the Great Lover's final resting place each day since his death last August. Some say the veiled figure is movie actress Pola Negri, who famously collapsed at Valentino's funeral."Harlot.She never loved him."Others believed the wordless visitor is something else... something not of this Earth."(laughs softly)Well, they'll print anything to sell magazines.Uh... ladies?(footsteps echoing)(pants)Maybe we should give her her privacy.Uh-huh.♪(bird cawing in distance)(sobbing quietly)Rambova: Why do you weep so, little mouse?(gasps)Natacha. Where have you been?Here and there.I wrote to you, so many times-- I never heard back.You didn't even come to his funeral.Why would I go to the funeral of a man who isn't dead?(Countess gasps)Bellisima.(gasping breaths)It can't be true.You died.And am... reborn.The body in that crypt isn't Rudy.It's my stunt double, George Fiske.(kiss) Always so loyal.Even in death.Though to be clear, I did do most of my own stunts.Just not this one.You faked your death?!I loved you both.And you just let me think the worst?I almost didn't survive it.But you did survive.And in some style.Congratulations on the nuptials, by the way.(whispers): That was quick.What did you expect?I was all alone in the world.I decided that if I was to live in grief, I might as well... be surrounded by... beautiful things.♪Even if it was with a man (Countess grunting) for whom I felt... nothing.I was drawn to the darkness I felt within him, (March grunting) (coughs, pants) I ached... (Countess grunts) to be... (March grunts) consumed by it.(pants): Darling... you are a revelation.♪He uncovered in me things I never thought possible.Uh...Who is he?Just a hobo.You disapprove?I do.Why waste your time killing some destitute beggar?What's to be gained?Select a victim with money or jewels.Then your little hobby can benefit us both.And next time...(whispers): ...I want to watch.You have suffered too much.(bird cawing in distance)I don't suffer.Not anymore.Your tears tell me otherwise.I feel nothing.We never meant to leave you this way, little one.Then why did you?Valentino: Fate intervened.I was travelling the country, promoting Son of the Sheik.Booked on the 20th Century Limited, the tour would take me from San Francisco to New York, with press stops all along the way.At each stop, I began to notice a man. At first, I thought he was a member of the press, but he never asked any questions, never wrote anything down. He just watched me, his eyes never leaving me.This was not unusual, of course.But something in those eyes... mesmerizing.♪Again on the train, I began to feel a presence which raised the hairs on the back of my neck.I imagined I was seeing him all throughout the train.I began to doubt my senses.A feeling of dread hung over me like a shroud.And somewhere, along an endless expanse of Midwest plains, I woke from a dreamless sleep into a dream itself.It was a seduction, but mere carnality was not his aim.I was repelled and drawn in all at once.When he spoke, it was in Italian but with a thick German accent.He revealed to me his name, F.W. Murnau, the great German director.What did he want from you?I thought he meant to kill me.But instead he wished to preserve me.I don't understand.Neither did I, at first.The great director had uncovered many secrets in the making of his masterpiece, Nosferatu.To make his picture, he travelled deep into the Carpathian Mountains.He demanded authenticity, and that is what he found in that Old World.Creatures like the one he was depicting onscreen, though not hideous like his star, Max Schreck, but beautiful beyond compare.Infected with an ancient blood virus, the consequence of which was eternal life, endless youth.But also a terrible thirst.He was telling me all this, he said, as a prelude, a prelude to a warning and the offer of a gift.Murnau lamented to me what he foresees, the coming of talking pictures.And with that, the death of the gods.Within a year, no more, our world would be gone.He couldn't save the world, he said, but he could save me, preserve my beauty for all eternity, but only if I was ready to leave the screen.Forever.And so, with a cool touch, and a warm kiss, I was truly free.