Liz: People today are obsessed with anything shiny and new. But it's all an illusion. Everything new fades. But forgotten hotels are still good for some things. Drug deals. May-December indiscretions. And ending it all. I knew that look anywhere. Seen it many times. These two lucky birds are content. At peace, even.It's their wedding anniversary, they tell me. 60 years. Four kids. Nine grandchildren.They've had a good run together.But she's not quite the same anymore since the cancer spread. And he can't imagine his life without her. The last thing she wants is to be a burden. So they come here... to be alone. So they never have to be alone again. I... envy them.(gunshots)Have you ever seen anything more beautiful?All I can see is eight hours of hard scrubbing gonna take to get the blood off these walls.Why don't people have the courtesy to blow their brains out at their own home?What if one of the kids found them like this?Well, I don't see why that has to be my problem.Liz: Look at them.(crying)Why are you crying?They were happy.I feel like I'll never be happy again.I pretend that I'm okay living in a world without Tristan, but it's... it's been difficult.Besides, knowing The Countess, it's just a matter of time before she slits my throat.What's the point of waiting around for someone to... stab you in the back when I'm already dead?No, no, no, no, no.Wait.Just let me do it.No, no.I don't want to be here.I know.Well, you're gonna be stuck here for all of eternity unless you get your head strapped on straight before pulling that trigger.Oh, sh1t.Jesus.You know how this goes.(sighs)Yeah.And I'm guessing you have plenty of unfinished business still on your plate.No, just one.My son.I always meant to put that right.Tell him I'm sorry for leaving him.Okay.So you do that.And that'll give me enough time to cancel my Reader's Digest, my Country Living.Then we'll be ready to go."We"?You don't have to do this alone.I don't understand.I thought you were reborn.Donovan was my one true love.I thought when he brought me back from the brink of death, it was because he loved me.He doesn't love me.He never will.We'll do it together then.Make a clean exit.Yes, dear.The Hotel Cortez, in downtown Los Angeles.And you have the dates now.That's right, dear.One whole week-- your papa's treat.What's that, um...?He wants to know, "Why now?"Well, I'd hoped to reach your father to ask, but alas, I cannot.I-I must away.
Bye now.(hangs phone up)Really... I can't thank you enough.If you don't mind my asking, how long has it been?I haven't seen my son in 31 years.I've written letters.God knows I've written checks.The bank statement always let me know that each one cleared.I took that as... a sign.I must caution you.You don't know exactly the young man's aspect.I don't follow you.His worldview.I-I fear you are challenging him to be very understanding.Let me stop you right there.Back in my day, fairies knew never to father children.It would, it would only add to the mayhem.My cousin Frederick.He was always getting into his sister's peignoir and stockings.And-and then one day, he found his place.His station in life.Took his comfort in the sacramental vestments.He might've become a monsignor, had he not succumbed to his appetites.I'm not a pedophile!I lost interest long ago in whatever you claim to be.No, all I know is some poor boy threw a ball in the backyard, and suddenly his proud papa wasn't there to catch it.So now here comes this same little boy to visit someone he's always longed to see.And instead he's going to be confronted by the ghost of Theda Bara.I mean, it's-it's quite a fright indeed.That's enough!Anyhoo.Where's that item you promised me?You haven't forgotten your end of the bargain.Have at it.(chuckling)Go nuts.Oh, who would have thought?Oxygen in the soap!Yes.For God's sake, look."Radiant whites," it says.You are an absolute marvel.It's like Christmas morning.Ears.For they heard the calling of false gods.You're a clever man, John Lowe.Man: Empty your hearts.Let the Lady of Shadows hear your prayers.Welcome to our church.Is this your first time here?Know that the old gods are not dead.They're waiting to be awakened.What is your name?I am... death.(screams)
(men grunting)(woman screaming)No!One more and you'll be free.("Lucretia My Reflection" by Sisters of Mercy playing)What is the meaning of this?♪ I hear the roar of a big machine... ♪Welcome.Thank you for coming.♪ Two worlds and in between...What do you want?Who are you?♪ Hot metal and methedrine...Who am I?♪ I hear empire down...I'm you, asshole.Countess: We need to have a little talk.I didn't really think that you brought me here to rummage through your old clothes.And I'm not interested in your castoffs anyway.Though I know you're very interested in mine.Valentino: So, you know my entire biography?Damned behind a wall for decades.And now ready to be damned again.I love her!You think you love him?You love a distant memory.You love an image on a screen.You're nothing more than a fan to him.♪ Dum-dum bullets...You know, your petulance is very common.It is always this way with pretty boys who are past their prime.♪ Empire down...You should grow out that little beard, you know?Maybe you could find, uh, work in the Westerns.We don't need you.You know nothing of my resourcefulness, little mouse.You can go.You wouldn't last two days with The Countess in the real world.Once she sees how you sh1t yourself at the sound of a traffic helicopter.Oh, I know all about you.I am the greatest screen lover of all time.You're cheap.You've always been cheap.(laughs)You have a freaking sword.I should've killed you after our first tango.You should be honored to die by its blade.Bitch, please.Really?Who's the little mouse now?She's gonna mourn over that pretty face.♪ We look hard ♪
♪ To see for real ♪
♪ Such things I hear... ♪You're not so pretty now, are you?♪ I don't see much evidence ♪
♪ I don't feel ♪
♪ I don't feel... ♪I have better cheekbones, anyway.Cheekbones for days.Help! Help!Can anybody hear me?! Help!March: You can scream as loud as you like.In fact, I prefer it.What do you want from me?No.No.Oh, now...Help me.You failed.I'm a contractor.I make optimistic projections.Please, I'll do anything.I'll make this up to you.Please, don't do this.I'll do anything you want, please.Please don't.A man is only as good as his word.(screams)(screaming)What are you doing?Keeping up the practice.I have great plans for us, you and me.Ever since my death, my hunting grounds have been limited to the confines of this hotel.And as rich as it may be, there are opportunities available to you that I can only dream of.Where's my wife?Forget her.I find spouses to be a distraction.I suspect my own to have ended my career prematurely by turning me in to the police.I've forgiven her, of course, because of her immense beauty.I need to find Alex.You know where she is.Of course.I know everything.I have nothing but time and imagination.But what I have planned for us, beyond the Ten Commandments, will elevate you to the zenith of our profession.You take the glory, John.I'll stand humbly in your shadow.You tell me where she is or your dreams are just that.Precocious.I'd expect nothing less from my star pupil.Come!Your reunion awaits.Ms. Evers: There's nothing like the steam from a fresh pot to loosen the phlegm from the lungs.Thank you.You mustn't have an argument on an empty stomach.It upsets the balance of the day.I'm sure you didn't wake me up to have a cup of coffee.You told me Holden was a hallucination.
That was a lie.You tried to make me think I was going crazy.Well, that was the truth.You kept my son away from me.In case you haven't noticed, he's not the child you knew.I made my choice to be with Holden.I didn't tell you because I was afraid you would say something to change my mind.I don't regret my decision.We have another child.I haven't forgotten about Scarlett.All this time, you've seen her twice.She told me.And how many times have you been to visit Grandma?No excuses.We abandoned her.We're the world's worst parents.Well, at least that's one thing we can agree on.Maybe it'll be better for Scarlett with me gone.What's that supposed to mean?We're in trouble.I made a mistake a while ago, and The Countess holds me responsible.Tell me.Countess: A pack of wild children drained a man of all his blood.Anything you want to tell me, Alex?Alex: I saved my patient.
Max was dying from measles. So you turned him... and he turned the others.One chance to fix this problem.Countess told me she'd kill me and Holden if I didn't make things right.I know it's not your problem...If it involves you and Holden, it's my problem.What do we have to do?Ms. Evers: Tap.Tap-tap-tap.Tap-tap-tap.That's Morse Code for "he's coming up the stairs."Clutch your pearls, Daddy.(exhales)Good God.I didn't think I'd be so nervous.Your son is all settled in his room.He knows about the complimentary drink tickets, and here he comes to redeem them.(exhales)Okay.Bye now.(giggles)Good afternoon.It's happy hour, so... feel free to smile.(chuckles)Maybe... something to drink?Sure.How about a bourbon rocks?And a soda back, please.I'm Douglas.Call me Liz.What's your, uh... what's your line of work?Uh, I work for a guy who owns huge properties packed with self-storage units in and around Denver.Oh.Company makes some serious coin...Oh....not that I do.Hey, I like your dress, by the way.Sparkly!What do you call those?What?Uh, the... those round things.The... oh.Paillettes.(both laugh)Douglas: And then... then my wife insisted that I needed to find a new boss.Or to... better yet, she said, to be my own.I mean...Oh, give her a break.Your bride sounds astute.Yeah.Yeah, she is.(chuckles)But that doesn't make the mortgage payment any less late.We all have dreams, you know?Not meant to drop everything...Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.I disagree.You go ahead.You move to Boulder and you start that kayak company.Anyway, I'm sorry to bend your ear.I've always kept my own counsel, you know?Coming up, it was, uh... just my mom and I.Dad split.Missed my one great season in Pee Wee League.(chuckles)I can't blame the guy.I was a rambunctious kid.Oh... you shouldn't blame yourself.I'm sure your father had his reasons.Well, those'll be news to me, whenever I hear 'em.I guess he's on my mind.I'm in town 'cause we're... finally gonna reconnect.Well... here's to that.Yeah.This, uh, next one's on me.Nice of you.Maybe another time.I'd like that.Alex: We're too late.The police must have tracked down the delivery boy.Kids must be long gone.Maybe not.Somebody's inside.(door creaks)(rustling sound)Hey.Stay here.(coughing)(coughing continues)Hey there.What's your name?Kimmy.I want my mommy.Okay, Kimmy.Let's see what's going on with you.Get away from her!(screams)(grunting)(gunshot)Don't move!You're bleeding.I'm okay.Yo!Don't make me have to shoot you.You don't scare me.There's a lot more of us than you.We told you not to come back.(coughing)Kimmy!Please.Please, you have to help her!Maddie! Get back.You ready? Breathe for me.
Ready?Come on, honey.Maddie (sobbing): Come on, Kimmy.Fix her!Alex: I can't stop.(Maddie sobbing)Kimmy, come on.Alex: Come here.Come on.(sobbing)Why did you stop?Help her!It's too late for Kimmy.Maddie (crying): Come on.It doesn't have to be too late for the rest of you.How long has your husband been missing, Mrs. Drake?Since Wednesday evening.Virtually the last thing he said to me was, "I do."Then I came up here to change and finish packing.He was going to the bar for a drink.That's the last I heard from him.I wouldn't panic yet, Mrs. Drake.