(crickets chirping)This is gonna be so good.This is why I have 75 cameras in the house recording everything.(door opens)Shelby. Hey.Come on, Matt, do something.The guy f*cked your wife and rubbed it in your face in front of the entire country.Shelby: Matt, Matt, Matt! Matt! (grunting)Hey! Matt! (shouting)Get off him!Yes! Who in America is not coming back after they see that?(door opens)Alissa: Hey. Dinner.Thank you. Here.Uh, I asked for a salad.(chuckles) Yeah, well, we're in North Carolina.If it's not breaded and fried, it's not edible.Hey, Sid, have you talked to Diana?I've been calling her all day, and she hasn't answered.Is she coming back? We don't need Diana.I'm not wasting my energy on someone who doesn't want to be a part of history.Okay.(grunting onscreen)Whoa. Did you just see that?See what?Somebody just stabbed Rory.Very funny. No, I swear.Let's-let's rewind it.(screaming in distance)Alissa?You okay?Alissa?(gurgling)(rustling)sh1t. sh1t. Get the camera.Get the camera. Get the camera!(gurgling, coughing)Oh, sh1t.Oh, my God. Oh, God.Oh, God. Oh, sh1t.Oh, f*ck. sh1t.Oh, sh1t. (shouts)(grunting)sh1t, sh1t.Sidney? Sidney, are you okay?Holy sh1t. Oh, sh1t.Oh, sh1t, oh, sh1t, oh, sh1t.(panting, grunts)(stabbing sound)(screaming)(stabbing sounds)I am the tree and the lightning that strikes it.Rory?Rory?Rory!He's not upstairs.Matt: I told you."R" is for Rory.Could you stop scaring her? He is her husband.Now, if you so spooked, why you come back anyway?Do you think he could be hiding from us?Did you look under the beds?In the closets?We'll start looking over here.Okay. I'll check in here.Any minute now, we're gonna hear somebody scream.Don't be such a ghoul, Matt.Audrey: Are you going to stick that thing in my face the entire time we're here?Lee: Hell yes. But not just you.I'm filming the whole thing. But they've installed cameras all over the house.That they control.And edit to tell their story.This camera is my story.People are going to know I did not lie.Dominic: Guys? You better come in here and see this.Is it blood?I've done my share of slasher films.That don't smell like corn syrup.Well, if it's his blood, where's the body?Oh, my God.Oh, my God. Brad Pitt.Dominic: What?Rory got a better offer.He's left us to go back to L.A. for a movie. Sidney put him up to this to give us a good scare for the camera!You are an asshole, Sidney!Well, it didn't work, because I'm onto you!I was batshit crazy to think it could work.He always said age is just a number.But I knew better.It's nothing for a man to be 15 years older than his bride.But for a woman... it's Mount Everest.All the conditions have to be perfect for the ascent.And I guess he just ran out of oxygen.(crying softly)(as Thomasin): Damn, treacherous, despicable serpent.Hurling wicked insults at mine every turn.(sniffles)He should not have cast me aside so.He deserves to roast for an eternity in the flaming depths of all this blood.(normal voice): She had a baby.(exhales) God.(sucks air through teeth)Alissa had a baby.(sighs)I liked her.She always made sure I had a cooling tent when it was hot.Oh, God.What have I done?(shuddering breath)I robbed that baby of a mother.(as Thomasin): They cheated me of my land.Robbed me of my dignity.All the vipers were one and the same.They all had to die.Their bloody carcasses will slake the thirst of the ancient gods. (sniffles)Preserve my legacy.(sniffling)(normal voice): It was my destiny.They chose me.I was the fan favorite.(sniffles)All my life, people have underestimated me.They only booked me for three episodes, but I got five.'Cause the fans wanted more.They wanted The Butcher.Am an ri'ain gach uile choirceoige.(Celtic whispers in distance)Is somebody there?(Celtic continues)(grunts)(whimpers)Is somebody there?(lighter flicking)(gasps)(screaming)(sucks air through teeth)Whew.Something just don't feel right about this.Then now's definitely not the time to get loaded.It's 6:00 a.m. Leave her alone.Hell, we could all use a drink after last night.Or two. (chuckles)Or ten. May I?No one ever goes to their grave regretting they had too much fun.Do you even know what you're doing?You're helping an alcoholic drink.That's like handing a killer a loaded gun.Yeah, well, I guess you'd be the expert on that one. (chuckles)Can't avoid me forever, Shelb. I can and I will.You never should have come back here.Of course I should have come back.You know I had to see you again.Yeah, well, I don't want to see you. (scoffs)I love my husband.I'm here for him.Yeah. Well, he ain't here for you.But I am.Come on, Shelb.He never touched you the way I touched you.That weekend. Remember?Stop it.I know you do.I can tell because you're shivering.I am not shivering.I am vibrating with rage, you asshole.(door shuts)Hey, bro.Oh, God...You want her?You can have her. I don't give a sh1t what you do with her.f*ck her right here, for all I care.Ooh. Just stay out of my way.(scoffs)(chuckling): Wow.You know what I love about reality TV the most?The bad guy.Puck. Omarosa.That crazy bitch with the fake leg.Yeah, I did my homework.Sure, I care about Shelby.I mean, she is fine.But Sidney paid me to come back for one reason and one reason only: ratings.You see this?Check this out.Mmm.Sid's got me wired and ready to ruin these people's lives and record every moment of it.Body cam.Up close and personal. Booyah.(chuckles)Hey, listen, if I got to play the dick in order for people to tune in for ratings, then that's what the hell I'm-a do.What's the bright side?Let me tell you what the bright side is.The bad guy is always the lead on every show.Now, let me ask you something else, judgmental M*therf*ckers, what's more important than screen time, huh?(door opens)(crying)(as Thomasin): Trespasser. (gasps)This land belongeth to my people.Thou art not welcome.Now punishment will be thy death.Agnes...(normal voice): I just wanted to be on the show.But he won't let me.He said no one cares about me anymore.Put the knife down.Please, Agnes.(as Thomasin): I'm The Butcher, and all that threaten and invade my land do me harm. Thou dare come back here?Hast thou learned nothing, Shelby Miller?(screaming)(sobbing, shouting)What art thou doing?I know that I'm about to die.And I want the world to know exactly who was responsible for my murder.Fola a fuil, saol a bas.Olc na dorchdais.Cuirimid iobairt.(shouts)Swine!I shall wear thy scalp as an animal pelt!(grunting)(whimpers)(panting) Okay.(sobbing)Oh, come on. Oh, come on, girl.Come on, I got you, I got you.(sobbing, moaning)Dominic: Where the f*ck is Agnes?(panting)(sobbing)Oh, God. Quickly, quickly. I need the bandages.Quickly. Come on, darling. Tr-Try to stay awake.Oh, Jesus. Here, give me that.I-I can help. Now you want to help?Where were you when Agnes was here with the knife?Boys, seriously! Come on.Okay. Keep her head up. Come on.Wrap it around. There we go. Try to keep it really tight.Once across her chest. Come on.Open up, darling. Okay.It's working. I was a nurse at Her Majesty's.Hospital?No, darling. The theatre in the West End.None of the phones work. Somebody cut the lines.Hey, hey... Sidney, Shelby is really hurt.You need to send a f*cking ambulance to the house right now!It's been an hour.No ambulance.No message from Sidney.Shelby, she seems to be stable.For now.I'm really struggling here.I'll admit it, I'm scared.The production trailer can't be too far away.So it shouldn't be hard for you to find them...Me?Yeah.I-I'm not leaving Shelby's side.If you think I'm going outside, getting lost in them woods, while there's some crazy old lady running around with a cleaver, you can kiss your own ass... This is bullshit!Matt, you stay with Shelby. I'll go.Not by yourself, you won't.I-I'll go with her!Not sure I even trust you to come back with help.You can trust this.Audrey: Oh, my God.Monet: You done brought a gun in here?!You bet your ass I did.You think I'd come back here defenseless?She's probably watching us right now.(opens chamber)If I see her first, I'll shoot on sight.Look, I know this goes against every fiber of your being, but could you please try to avoid bloodshed?There is a secret way out of this house.All right, mind your heads.Should we really be down here?Lee: This is the best way.No one watching the house will know we've gone.Monet: Are you sure about that?Oh, that f*cking Sidney doesn't miss a beat, does he?Son of a bitch wants everything on camera?When I see him, I'm-a put my foot so far up his ass I'm-a knock his teeth out.I'm gonna get everything. Use it as proof when I sue their asses.Audrey: I can't believe that Agnes.I knew she was upset about losing the Saturn Award, but I didn't think it would make her completely homicidal.(quietly): Quiet, both of you.Do you hear that?(low growl)Darling?Oh, my God.Rory?Is that you?(roaring)Get behind me.(screaming)Oh, my God! (gasping)Monet: What was that?!(roars)Oh, my God!(roaring)Run!(screaming)(panting) Holy sh1t.Oh, my God!What the hell was that thing?!(panting) I saw you shoot it four times with my own eyes! (panting)Will it follow us?I don't think so.Matt thinks it prefers the tunnel.What? You knew that thing was down there?!How many times do we have to tell you this is real?!Do you believe us now?Or do you want to deny what you've seen with your own eyes?We have to find Sidney.(panting)Let's go this way. Come on.Monet: Oh, sh1t. Lee, let's go.Here, take this.For the pain.You know...I really did love you.And I ruined it.In one drunken, pathetic weekend, Matt.I was so out of my mind.Our marriage was over the day we moved into this house.This place took something from me. I-I...I haven't felt human for two years, Shelby.I-I'm stuck.Still wandering lost in these woods.You-you think I wanted to come back here?I didn't have a choice.We both lost something here.But we can get it back.(rustling)Where the f*ck is that trailer supposed to be?We are running out of daylight.Lee, isn't that the blood moon?Do you think we should try and get back to the house now?Goddamn it.Shelby needs our help.Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute.You wanted us to believe you, right?Didn't you say the blood moon means that some bad sh1t is about to happen? So should we really be out here in the open like this with that up in the sky? If we don't find the trailer, we need to push to town. The town is five miles away.But come on.Sidney!Sidney!Audrey: Goddamn it!Sidney. sh1t, your ass gonna get it!(gasping)Lee: Godda... Oh, my God!Oh, my God! (gasping)Audrey: Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God.(Monet groaning)Oh, Jesus, Sidney.I think he's dead.You think?Audrey: Oh, leave me alone! I'm not American!I'm not used to all this carnage!Oh, God. Oh, my God.What in God's name are you doing?!Do you want to get help or not?Oh, my God. Find a phone!Oh, my God.Oh, my God. Oh, God, oh, God.Oh, God, oh, God.Oh, God.Oh, come on, come on, come on.Oh, come on. Goddamn it!Come on, come on!No phone. Not a laptop. Oh, come on.Not a goddamn thing! Come on!What about the car? The car is completely dead.Oh, sh1t. Oh, sh1t. (panting)Oh, my God. We have to get out of here.Well, where are we supposed to go?I don't know.We're in the middle of goddamn f*cking nowhere!sh1t! Oh, my God. (panting)Oh, my God! It's Agnes! (shrieking)Oh, my God!(screaming)Oh, my God.Oh, my God.Run! Run! Oh, sh1t. Oh, sh1t. Oh, sh1t. Oh, sh1t.Monet: We're not gonna make it to town.And I'm not comfortable being out here with that thing hanging over our heads.Lee: Stop talking like that.We should turn back.We should.Look...Audrey: She's right...I know we're all a little strung out right now, but we can't give up, we can't.What is that?Monet: Is that help?Get off the road... now!(panting, gasping)Audrey: I think we lost them. We should stop here.Rory... if you find this... know you gave me the best months of my life.I'd never known love until I met you... and I will always be grateful for that.And I love you.I hope you find... I hope you find this.Monet: Audrey? Audrey!What?What?You're bleeding!Are you hurt?(whimpers)(both screaming)Audrey (whimpering): Oh my God.(sobbing)My baby, what did they do to you?Lee: Turn your camera on.Monet: What? I'm not filming this, you psychopath!Lee: People need to see.(Audrey sobbing)That's her husband, for Christ's sake!Lee: Turn your goddamn camera on.(sobbing)(sighs)(camera beeps)Monet: Oh God!They found us!Monet: Audrey! Audrey! Audrey.Lee: sh1t... hide!Monet: What-what-what-what-what is it?Go!Lee: Honey, I know it's awful, but we gotta get out of here, right now!I don't want to live! Leave me...Lee: Come!(sobbing, mumbling)Ishmael: Takin' pictures, little lady?(electric zapping)(zapping)(Lee screams)(Monet whimpering)(Monet screams)(as Thomasin): The fire will purify my body...(sniffs)...and vanquish the fear in my heart.(gasps, breathing heavily)(whimpering)(sobs)Agh...(flesh sizzles)(screams)(screams)(grunts)Ahh... ah!Ah!(sobbing)(gasps)I've been imbued... with the power of the blood moon!The land shall be consecrated with blood, and purifed with flames!This house and everything in it will be consumed by fire!Only ashes will remain at the end of this night.(faint, ghostly whispering)(stairs creaking)(door latch clicks)(rapid footsteps)Matt: I've been waiting for you.(creature moaning, snarling)Shelby...Shelby, Shelby, wake up.Wake up, Shelby. Come on.Come on, you gotta come with me.You gotta come with me. Come on, Shelby.I need you to come with me.(distant moaning)(male and female moaning)(inhuman shrieking)Get off him.Get off him! Get off him!Get off him!(inhuman wail)Matt, Matt, we have to get out of here.We should go.I came back for her!What?I'm in love with her, Shelby.She's the reason I came back.(Matt grunts, Shelby screaming)(sobbing, screaming)Why is he filming this?Are you working for Sidney?(laughter)Ishmael: Working?He ain't done a day's work in his life.'Les you count sortin' buds for creeper weed.Oh, that boy, he got a nose for it.He only good for two things, weed and...Taking pictures.(laughter)I have money.I can make life so much easier for you all.We like our life just the way it is.Make plenty of money with our crop.Polks is part of the forest.Live off the land.Keep to our own.Never got help or wanted help from nobody.Even the law knows better than to bother with us.Going all the way back 150 years now.(sighs)Cut them off.Please don't.Please don't, please don't.Mama Polk: Hold still, hold still.Just tear it. Tear it, tear it off.(snipping and tearing)P-pull it off.Hey, hey, ah, ah, ah!Mama Polk: Hey, hey, hey, hey.Give it a free hand.Mm-hmm.Mm-hmm.(Mama Polk straining)Lot: Hey.Mm-hmm.Rub it in. Mm-hmm.Rub it. Yeah, rub it.Come on. Yeah. Rub it.Lot: Rub it.Rub it. Come on. Mm-hmm.Don't waste a drop.Cover every inch.Jesus.Mm-hmm.That there's good peanut oil.(crying): Jesus.(grunting)Never skimp on seasoning.(laughter)That's it.Shouldn't take more than a couple hours now.What the hell are you doing?(laughter)Lot: Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.Everybody knows the secret to sweet meats is tenderizing.No! Oh...(scream echoes)I came back for him.Shelby... let me have the crowbar.Shelby. Please, please, Shelby, please, please give me the crowbar.Please.(sobbing)Shelby, let go of the crowbar, please.It's okay.All right.Oh, God, oh, God, oh, God!(sobbing and speaking incoherently)Calm down.Matt, Matt...He's dead, he's dead, he's dead, he's dead, he... not alive! Listen, listen to me.Listen to me.Listen, we're gonna...No, I-I killed him, I killed him.I know. Shh, shh.Listen. What I'm gonna d-- what am I gonna do?Listen, listen. What am I gonna do?We're gonna wait right here for the girls to come back.And then you're gonna turn yourself in.What?You understand?No...No, no, Dom...Dominic, no, you have to help... you have to help me.Please, I didn't mean to hurt-- I didn't mean to.I know, I know.Listen, Shelby, I am, I am helping you.I am helping you.But there's cameras everywhere.What?They're everywhere.Sidney's watching everything.(deep shuddering breath)They know it was you.(panting)I mean, I... I tried to stopped you, but you were so out of it, there was nothing I could do.(sighs)The best thing for you to do is to confess and go quietly.I...I didn't mean...I didn't mean to hurt him.I know, I know, girl.I know. Hang on, hang on.(water stops)I know, I know, I know, baby.I know.I loved him so much.I know.I loved him so much.I know.You do? You know?What are you doing?Wait a second. (breathing rapidly)What? No.Come here, come here.No, wait, no, no.(crash in the distance)I don't want...Hey, listen.That's-that's them.Listen, I-I need you to sit here, okay?Just stay right here.Oh, sh1t.(Monet sobbing)Can I please have a bite?(snorting) It's all I have left, please.Get out my face.Monet (crying): Please, please.Jether: Hello, ladies.Smile for the camera.Smile.Smile, goddamn it!(Lot laughs)Mama Polk: Jether!Leave them girls alone.Eat up.You need your strength.(Monet sobbing)Monet: Oh, please.Please, please, please, please let us go.(sobbing)We won't say a word about this to anyone.I-I swear, I swear. (sobs hysterically)Oh, my God. Please...Oh, my God, where's Lee?Mama Polk: Come on now, don't be rude.Y'all is guests.Eat.What have you done with her, you monsters?She said eat!(cattle prod zaps, women screaming)(laughs)Mama Polk: Come on now.She's a little chewy, but she ain't that bad.Audrey: Oh, God!No, no, Monet, no, no, no, no, no, no!Come on now.(zap)(screams)(Mama Polk laughs)Lot: Come on, come on.Mama Polk: Monet's doing real good. Yup.Lot: There we go, down the hatch.(Monet gagging)You's too, come on now.(laughter and indistinct chatter)Am an theine far gach uile chnoic.Am an sci'ath...Dominic: Why the hell is she filming this?Am an sleagh catha.(as Thomasin): Venomous beasts, ye have no claim to this land.It is mine!Ye defile this earth with thy presence.Now ye shall feel the wrath of The Butcher!Glorious vengeance forged in fiery conflagration!Jeez, how are we gonna stop them from getting into the house?You can't stop them.(Celtic Whispers)My brethren!You've come to help me take my vengeance!(Agnes cackles)You're finished!(laughs)(normal voice): You're The Butcher.My idol.My maker.Oh.(crying): I'm sorry.I just wanted to be on TV.(yells)Oh, sh1t!