Are we rolling?Uh-huh.The camera never stops.No matter what anybody says.Even if I tell you to stop, keep rolling.You got it?Genius. He-Hey.Legend in the flesh.Looking good, Frank. (laughs)Well, this is what a network president Hey. looks with a 14 rating in the demo and a 25 share.(laughs)Goddamn right.Okay, let's, uh, have a seat, everyone.Whoa.(laughs)W-W-What is this?This is the beginning of your next big hit.Take one, pass it down.Everyone on camera has to sign the releases.Come-Come on, Sidney, turn them off.We're not the talent here.I got news for you, Frank.You took a chance on My Roanoke Nightmare.That's talent.(chuckles) You picked up the hottest show on TV.That gives you first crack at the sequel.No bullshit. Okay?We've all done the math.14 minutes of commercials per hour.That's 28 spots at $450,000 per spot.That's $12 million a show.That is football money at a fraction of the cost.So, we are gonna be filming everything.People want the reality.They're interested in the process.We have over three million followers on Twitter; almost five million likes on Facebook for the finale; multiple covers of Entertainment Weekly; hundreds of fan sites online; cons across the country.The appetite for this show hasn't even reached its peak!We have millions of eyeballs waiting to see the next iteration and you have a chance to buy it now.Okay, great.(chuckles) So, what is it?Okay, it's familiar, but it's different.Return to Roanoke: Three Days in Hell.I'm gonna bring everybody who lived in that house, and the actors who played them on the show, put them together in that house again.Only this time, hidden cameras recording everything.Are the actors playing the same roles?And what are they reenacting?Nothing. The drama is reality.So, it's like Big Brother.Bingo, but with scares.See, they're gonna be living in that house over the period of the blood moon, when all of the bad sh1t happens.Can you imagine the reactions when The Butcher shows up?Or the Chens?And it'll all be filmed, 24 hours a day.Okay, I-I don't understand.Um, you expect-- excuse me.Thank you.You want to capture actual spirits on film?Like... ghosts?Well, I expect to capture real reactions to what they'll believe are spirits.So, it's... fake.(chuckles)Reality is what we make of it.You of all people should know that.(chuckles) A-A-After the show airs, we neither confirm nor deny content and everybody signs confidentiality agreements.Well, i-it sounds great.There's just, uh, one small niggle.Our research department has come up with some concerns regarding the ending of last season.Uh... a majority of our audience felt dissatisfied because the murder of Mason was never solved.And the person they believe did it suffered no consequences.Lee. I get it.I'm all over it.Do we even still have the house?I own it.I bought it from Matt and Shelby for fifty cents on the dollar when we shot the reenactments.And they're all willing to go back there?I mean... (chuckles) that place is a nightmare.Where the hell have you been, Diana?You missed the whole thing. Traffic.I doubled the license fee (whispering): and got 13 episodes on the air.You might have to give them back.I finally got ahold of Shelby Miller.Yeah?She doesn't want anything to do with it.Ugh.I know.(inhales deeply)(exhales loudly)I can smell the patchouli from here.Sidney: Thanks again for agreeing with this interview.I don't think we'd have a show without you.Yeah, well, I'm not doing this for you, Sid.I am here to set the record straight.I've read the vile things that people are saying about us online.I hear the comments they make.I try to ignore it and live my life, but at a certain point you have to... you have to defend yourself.People leave hatchets stuck into my front door.I've gotten... death threats.It's...That must take a toll on a marriage.I was so sorry to hear that you and Matt separated, by the way.Yeah.You know, we thought that, um...(laughs) We thought that doing the show would be a healing experience, maybe help us... process everything.It just made us... relive it all.Is that what led to the thing with Dominic Banks?Paparazzo: Shelby Miller!Paparazzo 2: Dominic!Dominic Banks!Is this a date?All right, guys, back up.Come on, back it up, back it up.Shelby! Shelby!Let's go. Dude, come on.Paparazzo 1: Does Matt know you're out with his celebrity doppelganger tonight?I can't... I-I'm not, I'm not gonna do... I can't really do this.Not with the...Yeah.Billy, can we cut? (sniffs)Yeah, can we cut it there?Thanks. I'm sorry.Sorry.I'm sorry. I shouldn't...I shouldn't have brought up the affair.Shelby: "Affair"? (sniffles)I wouldn't call a stupid, weekend fling an "affair."I was lonely.My husband wasn't talking to me, so I settled for the...(sighs)...for the cheap imitation.Matt hasn't spoken to me since.(sighs)Which is why... when I go back to Roanoke...Wait, but you... you want to do the show?No.Of course I don't want to do the show, but if... look, Matt can't avoid me if we are locked in that house together, so...That's great.This... this... this... because I-I know the fans, they want to see... they want to see you guys have a real happy ending.If I do this...Mm-hmm....Dominic cannot be involved.I will not do that to Matt.Not a problem.Dominic Banks is out.What's the status on Dominic's deal?Casting closed him today.Beautiful.Sidney: Wait, wait.What the hell are you doing?Could you make the camera placement any more obvious?Well, they know there's gonna be cameras, Sid.Well, of course they know, but we want them to forget. Take that down.Put it in the corner.Right there. (snaps fingers)Nice.Where are we with the rest?Uh, we should have at least four cameras in every room of the house by nightfall.Perfect.Mack, hey.Hey, what's up, man?What do you got for me?Hey.Ah, sweetness. Follow me right in here.Prepare to be amazed.Ready?Yeah.(pipes rumbling)(rattling)(rattling continues)(screams)(laughing) Oh, God!Oh, what is that smell?Sulfur.That is genius.Sidney: What about the windows in the living room?You give the order, those babies are gonna explode like the (bleep) Fourth of July.(imitates Cricket): That's a call back to Cricket's séance.(loud banging)(screams)(laughs)(screams)Oh, that's (bleep) great.That's (bleep) great.All right, follow me. There's more.Just, uh, watch your step.(whispering): What is this sh1t?All right... and, uh... okay.I am too afraid to stay in the house now.I fear whatever malevolent force is in there is trying to kill me.I find myself hiding in the cellar.What? Didn't you like that?...this house. Help!Can I talk to you without the cameras on?Yeah, that's never gonna happen.What?!Look, uh... one reason why the show... why the show was so popular is because it felt real.Do you really want gimmicky pop-up scares?I'm not interested in doing another horror show.I'm interested in using horror to find justice.These aren't pop-up scares for the sake of scares.These are gonna lead to the truth, okay?I'm gonna be the guy who gets Lee Harris to admit what she did.We don't know that she killed her husband.That's right. That's right.The only people who know for sure are gonna be in this house locked together 24/7.We put enough pressure on them, somebody's gonna slip up.Wait.Whoa, whoa, what are those?They're our production trailers.I can see that.Why are they here?Where else would they be?Diana, how many times do I have to explain this to you?We need the cast to think that this is real.That's not gonna happen if they look out the window and see trailers parked in the (bleep) yard.Hey, can you... can you move those out about a half-mile and hide it in the woods?There should be no hint of the rest of the world.They need to feel like they are completely alone.When they look out the window, I want them to see nothing but the dark woods, the night sky and the mother(bleep) blood moon.Okay, you're right.I get it.Great.You need to see this.I need to see this.It's just right here behind the tree.There.Ugh.(exhales)(coughs)Hey, what are you... what are you doing?Get over here.Get this, get this.Alissa, is this us?Uh-uh.Diana: Who would do something like this?!Sidney: What are those, fetal pigs?Diana: Uh, maybe-maybe it was those Polk people.Sidney: No, nobody's seen the Polks for weeks.Trust me, we've looked.No, those hillbillies are in the wind.Well, if it wasn't the Polks, then who the (bleep) was it?Hello. I'm Agnes Mary Winstead, and I played the part of The Butcher in My Roanoke Nightmare.Hi, Agnes.Hi.Please, give the viewers a taste of what life's been like for you since the show became a smash hit.Well, it's been a wild ride.But first I want to thank everybody behind the scenes, because, I mean--Well, it's been a team effort.You know?The Butcher-- (smacks lips) she's the role of a lifetime.And I felt a connection with her from the very first moment that I booked the audition.I am the queen of every hive.I am the shield over every head.(shouting): I am the spear of battle!Who but I am both the tree and the lightning that strikes it.Want me to do it again?I mean, I can make it grittier, more vulnerable.I mean, I just-- I really love this part.It's a great part.Your nuanced portrayal garnered rave reviews all around.You were even nominated for a Saturn Award.I know. Yay.You were a huge fan favorite.You were the villain America loved to hate.But I-- I don't see her as a villain.Ah.You know, you see, because it's my job as an actress to... to create a real human being.She has desires, she has weaknesses, just like you and me.And it was a privilege to... to breathe life into a real historical figure.I mean, whom, frankly, the patriarchy has just swept aside.I felt a deep responsibility to get it right.Well, I think it's obvious that you really connected with this part.But it took a bit of a toll as well, didn't it?Every part, every part, you know, takes its pound of flesh.Mm.But The Butcher was extremely, extremely taxing to play.And in my mind, there are only two great roles in the American canon.It's Mary Tyrone in Long Day's Journey, and The Butcher.Mm.Agnes, I think we should address the elephant in the room.Can we talk about Hollywood?Woman: Say "Pikachu!"Get out of my way!Get out of my way!This is my land! This is my land!Everybody knows that you were charged with assault with a deadly weapon and sentenced to six months in a mental health facility.I would like to give you the chance to set the record straight.What happened that day?You know, it was an incident. It-it just...Breakdown?I-it-it was a one-time thing, and, uh, I'm much better now.I mean, thanks to the-the... the great counselors at Holly Hill.Well, this was more than a one-time thing.You were diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder.I think it's fair to say that you became obsessed.You stole props from the shoot.Costumes... That's my action figure, that's...I mean, you even moved your entire life out here to North Carolina, a few miles away from where we shot the show.Well, look, I'll be honest, this was a difficult time for me.You know, I-I... I dove too deep into the part.But I got help.My meds are completely regulated, and I'm excited to start the new season.So, you know...I see, I see. So you're fine now.How do you explain this?What is that?What was it, a present from The Butcher?I didn't... I didn't do this.I'm really here to make sure that this is documented on camera. Officer?(door opens)Sidney, you have to believe me.I'm-I'm... I'm okay now.I... This isn't... You can call my doctors...Agnes Mary Winstead, you've been served.We've taking out a restraining order against you.You are not allowed within 500 feet of the production.But how am I supposed to do the show if I can't be within 500 feet of--You're not on the show. You're never gonna be on the show again.But... you need me.You can't do Roanoke without The Butcher.The Butcher is not real.We only want real people this year.I'm a real person.You are unstable.Stay away from the set, Agnes, or I will have you arrested.(door opens, closes)Agnes (shouting): Vile, wretched bastards!Thou dare cast me out of paradise?I am The Butcher...Don't turn around.Jesus, she's completely insane.You really think that a restraining order's gonna keep her away?God, I hope not.Agnes: For I am The Butcher!I shall smite thee, limb from limb, the way a falcon tears a rabbit!