(thunk)(grunt)Dominic: Oh, f*ck. Oh, sh1t. Oh, sh1t!What the f*ck was that?You know what that was.Dominic... you've played this scene before.I did not sign up for this sh1t!Sidney said if... if I played a-a good villain, I'd get my own spin-off.I am not getting killed over no damn TV show.Do you hear me, Sidney?Get us the f*ck out of here!Sidney's not coming.Nobody is coming.You don't know what those monsters can do.Oh, sh1t.Oh, f*ck!Look at that.Oh, sh1t. Oh, sh1t.This is insane. This is insane.Oh, no.Oh, sh-shit!What are we going to do?What are we gonna do, Shelby?The tunnel. Come on.Keep your eyes open-- they could already be inside.(door opens)(door closes)(whispering): Shelby...Shelby.Shelby, Shelby.We have to go. Shelby.Shelby, we have to go. Come on.Come on, Shelby. Come on.Come on. Flashlight.Flashlight.Ah! There's something...There's something.It might be Edward.He actually could help.What the f*ck is that?It's the Chens.Oh, sh1t. No, no, no!To make real thin slices... your edge got to be sharp as a razor.Slide the blade against the stone like this.Jether: It's awake.(thump)Pay attention!I'm doing this for your sake.Now, which part of it tastes the best?I'm not an "it." I'm a human being.I don't remember, Mama.You set that damn thing down.Why the hell you always taking pictures?Me and Lot play it back for fun.Mm-hmm. And do you touch your privates while you watch?Now, you take this knife here and just cut your mama some nice filet.Please don't do this.People don't eat people.If you ain't Polk...You ain't people.That's right, Jether.Tell it our family history.(scoffs) I ain't good at old stories, Mama.Oh, come on, now.Here you are.It was the depression.1929.Everybody was broke.Weren't nothing for nobody to eat.Only thing plentiful were the itinerant hobos.They was on our land.Stealing what little we had.They slaughtered our last pig.Had themselves a nice meal.And my kin caught the thieves.And they looked at 'em and their full bellies and they decided our family-- hey-- our family... was never gonna go hungry again.And that's when we had our feast.(slurping)We found our power.And our place.We knew then...The Polks weren't like any other.We were the... only family.First family. We were the first family.And we always will be, so long as we keep up traditions.They have the death penalty in North Carolina-- you're all gonna die when they catch you.Police been in our pockets for years now.We pay 'em better than the state ever could.(laughs)(sighs)What are you gonna do with that?Cauterize your thigh after Jether takes a chunk out of it.Jesus!Wouldn't do to have you bleedin' out before we finish taking prime cuts.(shrieks)(screaming)Can I have some water, please?What is that?(groans)You cut off my ear.It's a present.For Christmas.It's the best day of the year.We each get a pickled ear.A bag of Mentho-lyptus.Jar of black strap molasses.More ammo.The babies do cuddles with Mama.I'm too old for that.Lot gets her bed, but... he say I'm too young.I'm caught dab in the middle.Why are you crying?I want another Christmas with Flora.Is she your kin?My daughter.You love her?Of course.Every mother loves their children.(short chuckle)Not every mama.(sniffles)I wanted to be on the TV.Ishmael, Cain, Lot-- they all got to be in the story.How do you know about the show?We're part of the United States.We get TV.They're making a new show.I'm gonna be on it.You help me, I'll get you on TV.Make you famous.Only one person ever been like that in our family.Kincaid Polk.He used to take the hogs to slaughter in Chicago, where the stockyard was.Then came the World's Fair.1800-something.That's when the Piggy Man was born.After slaughtering the hogs, he'd put on a pig mask and slaughtered people.Hung 'em up, gutted and skinned, upside down in the bathtub.He got the idea from the Others.He saw what The Butcher did. (chuckles softly)Stick a pig head on that man and roast him alive.Made himself a legend.You can be bigger.You can be the hero.Just let me go.You best put leaving here out of your mind.Even I can't leave if I want to.I ain't bigger than Piggy Man.Never will be!So shut your mouth!Shut it!Don't care to hear your words no more.Here.Mama's coming to take a piece off your shoulder.Snort this. It'll take the edge off.No, I can't do drugs.I'm an addict.I've worked hard to stay sober.It doesn't matter, does it?There's no after after this.Why don't you just kill me?Why take it piece by piece?Tradition mainly.They didn't have no icebox back then.(sniffs) It was the way to keep the meat fresh.But Mama say fear and exhaustion gives the jerky a delicious tang.So that's it?I'm gonna die.(sniffs) After we take the best parts, we make bone broth.Give me that sh1t. ‭(sniffs)(clears throat)(snorts)(quiet chuckle)(snorts)(groans)(fires crackling)(Dominic grunting)Dominic: All right, go, go, go, go, go!(wood rattling, cracking)Shelby: Come on!(Dominic grunting)(grunts)Go, go!Go!(screams)(groaning)Shelby: Jesus.(groaning): f*ck my hand.(both panting)Oh, sh1t. Oh sh1t!(groaning): Oh, sh1t. Oh!There's so many of them.How am we gonna go up against that paranormal activity sh1t, there's no way!Hey, what's going on with you?Hey, stay with me.What's happening?We're gonna die in here.No, no Shelby.Shelby, stay with me.We're gonna get out.You've done it before.I did it because I had Matt.f*ck.Matt's dead, okay?Oh, come on, now think!Shelby, it's the blood moon.(groans)(whimpering): There's got to be some, some rules or-or mumbo jumbo that we can use.Shelby: There's nothing.There's nothing. ‭(sighs)Please.There's no escape.(whispering): Hey, we're gonna get out of this.There's so much out there waiting for us.I'm gonna get my spin-off.You're gonna get your yoga studio.But we, but we have to stick together.And we can do it.I know we can.(crying): You're a really good actor.(sighs)You think so? (laughs)Okay. All right, come on, come on.I got you.(stabbing sound, pig squealing)(screaming)(grunting)(squealing)‭(crying and grunting)(groaning)(panting)(screeching)(screaming)(grunting)(yelling)(screaming)(glass shattering)(Shelby wailing)(Shelby crying)Shelby.Shelby, we, we got to go.We got to go, Shelby.
Come on. Get up, get up.Get up, Shelby.Shelby, come on.(banging)‭(squealing)Shelby: Oh, God.(grunting and groaning)(screaming)(door closing)(both panting)(banging)Come on.‭(Shelby muttering)(whimpering)(door closes)(door closing)(both panting)(sobbing)(crying, then laughing)Aw, Shelby, this is not funny.(laughing)We're back where we started.(sighs)I'm counting on you.Shelby, I need you to do this.Stay with me.Dominic.I killed the only man I've ever loved.(crying)I took his life... with my own hands.(sighs)(crying)There's no place left for me.No, no!(screaming)(calling out): Jether.Jether!I have to see Flora.You can save your breath.I can't.In my pants, back pocket.There's a picture.(Jether breathing heavily)(quietly): Let me see her.Let me see her.My sweet, sweet baby.I want to talk to my Flora.(crying)(sighs)(inhales and exhales deeply)Baby girl.If by chance you see this, the first thing you have to know, is I love you.I always will.You've heard many things about me this past year, so I want to tell you the truth.I killed Daddy.That's on me, and me alone.No one else helped me.It's nobody's fault except mine.He was gonna take you away from me, and I couldn't see my life going forward that way.I don't know if one day you'll forgive me.I just want you to go on without the weight of lies and doubt.You go on, Flora, and rise up.There's nothing holding you down.(sighs)I never done nothing like that, kill somebody.Lot tells me it's just like butchering a pig.Mama tells me next time, it'll be my turn.You're gonna kill me?Bust your cherry?Looking forward to it?‭No.I don't want to hurt you.Too late for that.Come here.I like you.I like you, too.(groaning)Do you want to touch me?I want you to.(heavy breathing)I want to tape it so I can watch later.I won't show nobody.(panting)Lee: I want to make you feel good.Let me touch it.(panting)(yelling)(groaning and gasping)(groaning and gasping)‭(groaning)(airy, guttural breathing)(Lee groaning)(yelling)(panting)(panting)(coughs, groaning)(yelling)(groans)(panting)(whimpering)I know you are watching, Sidney, you son of a bitch.You need to save me.Help me! I'm dying here.Why are you doing this?Why aren't you f*cking saving me?!None of this would have happened if I just... if I just walked away.All I wanted is my own show.I'm supposed to go to Thailand next month.I've never been.I'm flying first class.Sidney, I'm so scared.(crying)Sidney.Help me!(loud panting)(rumbling)Why are you doing this?Ishmael: Oh, what's wrong?(groaning)I thought you liked having your picture took.You're on that TV show, mocking our family.We never meant to mock anyone.We're just actors.We play pretend.Nothing we do is real!Our babies was real.They was took from us 'cause of you.That wasn't us.It wasn't us. It was Matt and Shelby!The real Matt and Shelby!What are you talking about, huh?I'm talking about the real people. We're just actors.They are the ones who had your babies taken from you, not us. - Huh?Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's them.‭Hmm?It's them you want, not us.‭Hmm?They're at the house right now.‭Hmm?We can take you.We can go in.We can leave the door unlocked, and you can go in and drag 'em out!Oh, we don't got to do nothing.(sobbing)Blood moon's here.‭The Others are gonna get 'em soon enough.Oh, damn it!What happened?Damn thing snapped right in half.‭Huh?I was almost finished with it!Goddamn blood moon's gonna be full tomorrow.We ain't had a rain of teeth in forever!Well, where'd you get them teeth on that TV show?Hmm?‭Props. They were props.They weren't real. It was all pretend.You think it actually rains teeth here?Well, it's a gift from the Others.All them that's been sacrificed over the years.We think it's those ones.See, teeth... the only things that don't burn.Mama tells us we wear these, well, we don't burn, either.Oh, my God.‭The Others leave us alone.Hey, you need more teeth?We got two mouthfuls of 'em right here.No!(laughing) ‭No, no, no, no. No.Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.‭No, no, no.Please, please, no, don't-don't do this.(Audrey sobbing and muttering)Don't do this. Don't do this.‭Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.No!(grunts)‭(laughing)Oh! She's a feisty one!(men laughing)No! No!(crying)Please. Please leave her alone.Leave her alone!‭(groaning)(guttural gasping)Okay. Okay. Okay.Aah.‭No!(sobbing)No. Please.Oh. She got some pretty ones in there.Here you go.Pass me them pliers.Yeah.Audrey: Please, please don't hurt her.Please don't do this. ‭(sobbing)Don't do this! Please. ‭(screaming)Please, don't do this.Oh, no!(man laughing)Audrey: Oh, my God.Are you all right?Oh, damn it! They broke.(Ishmael laughing)Just standing there laughing for? Get her up!(laughing) I got to go get the big pair.(laughing)Audrey: Where is he going?‭Come on.Get up. Huh? Get up.No! No! No! No! No!Yeah, get up. Get up.(blows landing, Monet groaning)‭Oh! Oh!(crying): Ow!(groaning)‭Oh, my God. Oh, my God.Help me. Help me.Mama Polk: How could you break the damn chair?Don't leave me. Don't leave me, Monet.I'll come back. I'll come back!Please don't leave me.(groaning)Oh, my God. Oh, my God, I'm gonna die.(crying): I'm gonna die.No, no, no, no.What the hell's going on in here?Where's the other one?It got away!(panting)What are you standing around for?Go get it! ‭Come on.Go! Go! ‭Come on. Come on.Go!(Audrey pants loudly)(door closes)No, no, no, no.I wasn't doing anything.I was just sitting here, I swear to God.(breathing loudly)Open up.‭What?My boys need teeth.You can open your mouth, or I can open it for you.I paid good money for these teeth.(spits)Ah. Still got some fire in you.(crying)It's good. Keep you alive longer.Oh, burn in hell!You should be thanking me that this is your end, else you'd be strung up like that boy in the tree.You did that!Did you do that?!Oh, now, baby, we wouldn't have wasted good meat like that.Oh, don't you dare talk about Rory!You're not even good enough to say his name!You're nothing more than a bunch of pig f*cking psychopaths!We don't have relations with our animals.It's forbidden.Bullshit.How else do you think you got those deformed monstrosities you call sons, you twat?!Filthy whore!‭(groans)(yelling) ‭Don't you dare talk about my babies!(yells) ‭I can mangle your face!(guttural panting)Or you could open your goddamn mouth!Oh, my God.Open it.(whimpering)Ow!(yelling and crying)Mm.(crickets chirping)Ishmael: Hey.We're gonna get you, girl!(laughing)(crickets chirping)What the hell you doing?Bring the camera back up! It's around here somewhere.You better be filming when I catch it.(branch snaps)Hey, there it is!‭(whimpering)Go get it! (laughing)(whooping)(Monet screaming)Go and get it.Get it! Get it! Get it!(Monet whimpering)(laughing)(groans) Give me your mouth.(groans)All right, open up.(muttering)Lee: Hey, Mama? ‭(grunts)(thudding)Lee? (panting)Oh, my God.You evil bitch!Oh, my God, Lee.(crying) Thank you.Thank God for you.‭Shh.Thank God for you. Thank God for you.Shh.‭Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.Oh, my God.Oh. Lee, my God.What did they do to you?Monet? Did they...?Yeah, she-she got out, but who knows how long?My ring. I want to get my ring.(panting)(groaning and coughing)(panting)(groaning and coughing)(yelling)(groans)‭(laughing)(coughing)‭(laughing)f*ck you, you f*cking butchers!(groaning)(yelling)Audrey: There we go. Watch your head.(Lee whimpers)Here we go.‭Okay. Okay. God.Oh, my God. ‭Oh! I should've grabbed some more oxy from those goddamn Polks. (groans)I have some stuff in my luggage in my room.(both panting)What?‭Oh, my God.Jesus Christ, who is that?I don't know.Oh.(panting)Oh, my God!Matt? Matt?!(wailing)(sobbing)Lee.Lee, please, I'm so sorry.But whoever or whatever did this is probably still in this house.We have to keep going. It like you said-- it's done. Come on.Come on. Come on.Lift up, lift up. Come on.Okay. Lee, please.I'm so sorry.(crying)Come on. Keep going. Come on.Come on. (grunts)Come on.Come on. All right, wait, wait.Let me get the door. Hold on.All right.Here we go.(panting)(groaning)You can do it. Almost.Lee: What happened here?Where is everyone?(panting)Audrey: Oh, my God.(panting)Okay.Okay.(panting, groaning)I'm gonna go upstairs and get the medicine and you stay here.You're not gonna leave me down here by myself.All right then. Come on.(panting)‭(groaning)All right.Lean into me. Come on.(panting)(groaning)Come on, lean on me.(shouts)Put your weight on me.Okay.Okay. All right.(groans, panting)Okay.Okay.I know I've got the stuff in here.(panting)Oh, look.A little Burberry for under your head. Lift up, lift up.There we go.I'm sorry. Okay.Okay.Aha.(panting)The good stuff.Do you want a joint?(crying)‭Oh, Lee.Lee, I'm so sorry.I'm so sorry.(sniffling)Oh, God.Um... okay.Look at me.We're gonna be all right, okay?We're gonna be all right.Careful now. Careful.You're a mess.(chuckles)You're a mess.(crying)f*cking bitch took my goddamned tooth.(sniffles)Here.How 'bout one of these, yes?How 'bout two?‭Yeah.I'm gonna get us some water.(sniffles, grunts)I'll be right back.(screaming)Oh, my God!Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Poor Shelby!I feel like part of me has died with her!Oh, my God!Dominic: She killed herself.(gasping)Did you find Sidney?We got to get the hell out of here, man.Sidney is dead!There is no help!‭(sighs)We can't go outside and we can't stay here.They're freaking everywhere, man.What happened in the basement?Who killed my brother?Shelby.‭Oh, give me a break!Then she came up here and... she killed herself.She flipped out when she saw Matt having s*x with that thing.(sighs heavily)She just... She went nuts and busted his head open with a crowbar.And she just...She couldn't live with herself, so she slit her own throat.I was here.I saw everything.I tried to stop her, but I...I just couldn't.You expect us to believe that sh1t, when you're the one holding the knife?Oh, f*ck off.It's on the cameras.Oh, conveniently for you, we can't play it back.You f*cking liar.Shelby would never kill Matt.She loved him.She came here to get back with him!What are you talking about?You're the one that hated her.Get out of my sight!Said she was destroying Matt.Get out of here!Come on.Audrey: You did something, you snake.I know you did.Shelby would never kill herself!She's way too self-centered to commit suicide!I played her for six months!I know her better than I know myself!Dominic: Listen to me, everybody's messed up.We've all been through a ton of sh1t.But this place is f*cking dangerous.Now, if you want to live, we have to stick together.f*ck you.(slammed door echoes)Come on, don't shut me out.(squealing)Dominic: Let me in! Let me in!(knocking)Let me in!You have to open the door.You have to open the door.There was something out there! I saw it!It's his fault they're all dead.(Dominic grunts)(Dominic's muffled shouts)(crying): Oh, my God...(snorting)‭(yelling)(cleaver strikes)(whispering): If I die...I just want you all to know I had so many wonderful performances waiting for you.There were so many things I was gonna give to you as my fans.(sniffles) And I promise you, I promise you...I will love you always.(Piggy Man screeches outside)I had so much more to give.I love you.(snorting)♪ ♪(house creaking)Oh, thank God.I didn't think we were gonna make it through the night.(panting softly)What time is it?I can't believe this phone is still working.We have to go back.Go back?Go back where?To the Polk farm.I'm s...Have you gone mad?I'm not going back out into those woods.Those two savages are still out there.We killed people last night, Audrey.The both of us.There's a video of it on that farm.I want that tape before someone else finds it.‭That video also shows me and Monet being force-fed your goddamn leg, Lee.They were torturing us!I want people to see it!There isn't a jury in the world that would convict us.The wrong people get their hands on that footage, the only thing the world will see is the image of you caving in an old woman's head with a hammer.That is what people will remember, I promise you.(sighs)I'm getting that tape, then I'm gonna hot-wire their truck and get the hell out of here.You're welcome to come with.(Lee grunting in pain)(shuddering breaths)Oh, bloody hell.Take these pills, okay?All right, let's go.(labored breathing)(door opens)(panting)Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh.Oh, God, oh, no, no, no, no, no.(panting): I don't want to go.Oh, God. Oh, God.He really was such a wonderful scene partner.He gave me so much to play with.Some of my best moments were...Yeah, hold on there.(quietly): Okay. Okay.Okay, here we go.I can't look at him again.(panting softly)Right.Okay.I think we can go out the front door.It should be safe; it's daylight.Oh, God.Careful.Okay.Almost there.Audrey: Lean on me more.It's all right.Okay.(panting): Okay.(Audrey and Lee scream)Stop, goddamn it! Stop!It's me.It's me.Dylan?