I am officially running...(crowd cheering)...for President of the United States.I am running for President of the Unites States.(crowd cheering)REPORTER: GOP candidates can't ignore his money and his populist message.I will build a great, great wall on our southern border.JEB BUSH: I find it abhorrent that Donald Trump is suggesting we register people.MEN (chanting): USA! USA!(woman cheering)HILLARY CLINTON: They're upset about what they see happening around them, I get that.REPORTER : The state department is in the process of turning over more Hillary Clinton e-mails.REPORTER : This is far bigger than the accusations against Donald Trump.I have a winning temperament.Where I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters, okay?REPORTER : Donald Trump trailing Hillary Clinton by ten points.REPORTER : There is a very real, palpable fear out there today.CLINTON: He is threatening our democracy.It's time to remove the rust from the Rust Belt.REPORTER : Trump followers clashed with anti-Trump protesters.ALL (chanting): ...Trump! We want Trump!CLINTON: You can't just say whatever pops into your head if you want to be the President of the United States of America.(cheering and applause)BRET BAIER: We are going to make this decision now. The Fox News Decision Desk has called...Pennsylvania for Donald Trump.This means that Donald Trump will be the th President of the United States, winning the most... unreal, surreal (anchors laughing) election we have ever seen.The revolution has begun.RACHEL MADDOW: It's very, very, very close in a lot of...It's over. If she hasn't won Pennsylvania by now, she's not coming back.No, that's bullshit.I won't believe anything until I hear Rachel Maddow say it.She's the only one I trust.How is this happening?It's the politics of fear.It always works.BAIER: What started off as unlikely, impossible, is now reality.He said he was always a winner.This did not come without controversy...f*ck you, world!USA! USA!USA...!Ha-ha!CNN REPORTER: ...have now confirmed that Secretary Clinton has conceded to Donald Trump.Uh, this concession took place in a phone call.MIKE PENCE: It is my high honor...(crowd cheering and applauding)...to introduce to you the President Elect of the United States of America, Donald Trump.♪ ♪(phone clatters on floor)(muffled scream)(wailing): No!Oh...no...USA!(slow motion):USA!ALLY (wailing): Oh, Ivy, no!Is it bad? Did he win?(Ally wails)ALLY: Oh, go to hell, Huffington Post!f*ck you, Nate Silver!Oh, my God, how could they have been so wrong about this?(wheezing inhale)IVY: You have to do your cookie breathing You've got to do your cookie breathing.- I can't do my cookie breathing.- Give me one deep breath.- No.Freedom...!Oh, my God, Ivy.Merrick Garland.What's gonna happen with Merrick Garland?THOM: You want to know who to get mad at for this?Our own state of Michigan.She's losing by , votes.That's the size of this town.And who's at , votes and counting?Jill Stein.Is that true?BAIER: ...path to victory that was unlike anything we've ever seen.(Baier continues indistinctly)(plastic bag crinkles)I hope every one of those voters who decided it was a good time to cast a protest vote is happy when that... psycho gets us all killed.MARYLIN: Honey, don't get so worked up.THOM: Shut up, Marylin.I told you to go vote, but you didn't listen.Now look what happened.Look at our friends on the couch and tell them that they may not be able to maintain their rights as a married couple because you were too busy today on Etsy to go vote!(Ally whimpers)(Ally breathes deeply)I don't want you to not be married anymore.Oh, sweetheart.Sweetheart, come here.Listen to me, you don't have to worry about that.That is never going to happen.Okay?IVY: Oz, you don't have to worry.'Cause nothing is gonna happen to us.Okay?CNN REPORTER : ...Donald J. Trump of New York.(exhales in slow motion)♪ Om... ♪(as Donald Trump):It's gonna be... huge.WOMAN (over phone): It's really good you didn't come, actually.Everyone's losing their sh1t.It's like we went to a wedding and it turned into a funeral.We gave a year of our lives to this.I dropped out of Vassar.Why would they send us to Florida when we should've been in Wisconsin?What if I get pregnant now?Where will I get an abortion?I know. Everyone's upset.Oh, God.What is wrong with CNN for not giving us a trigger warning before they announce the results?I just... I don't know what's real anymore.She was supposed to win.Is this really happening?Oh, my God.You're kind of scaring me right now, Winter.You cannot self-harm again.Don't go back down that road.Winter?(screams)Jesus.You're such an asshole.Did you come in here to rub it in?Get out!(hits arm)Get out!(sighs)I'm just so scared now.Everyone is.♪ ♪♪ ♪(laughs)(woman panting)Come here.Wait, stop.Stop.Getting to your favorite part.Wait.Somebody's watching us.I can feel it.I know who. Twisty.WOMAN: (chuckles)What are you talking about?MAN: It was like , years ago.Mm-hmm?Right here on this spot.A deranged clown attacked a couple on a picnic.He hacked the dude to death.- (chuckling)- (moans)MAN: They say you can tell it's him by the layer of drool he leaves behind 'cause he got his jaw blown off by a shotgun blast.WOMAN: You're such an asshole.You're just trying to scare me.MAN: 'Cause I know it turns you on.(woman laughs, belt rattles)(woman screams)(panting)(rubber-toy squeak)(screams)Oh, my God.Oh!(panting)Get out of here.Get out of here!(bike horn honks)I'm gonna blow you away, fucker.(gasps)(gasps)(woman screams)(crying):Oh, my...(screams, gasps)(groans)(man groans weakly)(bowling pins clattering)(man groaning, woman panting)(gasps)(screams)Please help!(muffled scream)(screams)Help!(grunting, woman screams)(bellows)(muffled yell, blood spurts)♪ ♪(gurgling)(whimpers)(panting)(muffled excited yell)(screams)(muffled yell)(screams)(whimpering)(muffled panting)operator, what's the emergency?(muffled): Hello. Hello?operator, what is your location?(screaming)(blade slashing)(screaming stops)Hello? Ma'am, I can't hear you.Are you in need of assistance?Ma'am?(distorted):Wrong number."Rraarrrggha... nnumbber."Ozzie, sweetheart.You were supposed to be asleep minutes ago.Come on.What are you reading?- Nothing.- Ozzie.Come on, honey.A picture of a bare breast or an erect pen1s never hurt anyone.Come on, fork it over.Come on.(wheezing)OZZIE (distant):Mom!(gasping, wheezing)OZZIE (distant): Mom!(cries, wheezes)Aah! I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't.You know I can't.You know I'm afraid.OZZIE:I'm sorry.IVY: It's not your fault, Oz.You know I'm afraid.I can't look at that. Why would you have it in the house? - It's just...Stop it! Stop it!Oh, no!IVY: That's why it's called a phobia.It's an irrational fear.Doesn't make it any less scary for your mom, but it's just a comic book.(whispering):Just a comic book.Okay. Okay.(shudders)Come on.(whispering):I'm sorry, sweetie.- I'm sorry.- Here.Come here.(crying):I'm sorry, I'm sorry.(whispering): All right.Okay.We should all get to bed.Okay?Okay? She'll be fine.IVY:Good night.I am so sorry.My phobias are starting to affect our son.Whatever the reason is... we'll work through it.(quietly):Okay?(sniffles)THOM:We will now take statements from the public on -, approving extended overtime for sheriff's deputies to stand guard at the Jewish Community Center on Wildcliff Lane.First, and only, on the list to speak is Kai Anderson from Commodore Court.My fellow Americans, what do humans love the most?To what do we give our highest value?Is it family... friends... our homes... money... notoriety?No.Above all, humans love fear.The fear that over time we have honed and polished and built up, brick by brick, until it stands before us every day as tall as the Trump Tower.How do I know we love fear more than our children?Because we are willing to ruin their lives in service of some irrational fear of losing them.No, Billy, you can't walk to school today.What if somebody kidnaps you?(Southern accent): Clara-Belle, don't listen to rap music.You might get bad ideas about yourself.(normal voice):Every day we are choosing fear over freedom.Freedom of movement, freedom of congregation, freedom of thought...THOM: I'm sorry.I'm not seeing what this has to do with the motion.Because you don't see anything.None of you do.Fear is currency.It has value.We don't need more cops.We need less.We don't need to protect the Jewish Community Center.We need to let them blow it up!Order!I'm trying to help you.Don't you see?They want to be scared.They yearn to be so scared that they don't have to think anymore, that they don't have to want for anything anymore.Fear will release them from their desires and their ambitions and their bullshit needs!And then they will come running to us like children in a feverish nightmare.And the chosen few who are not afraid of the seas and the heights and the beasts of the world will return at the head of the evolutionary table to shepherd the weak into the chosen promised land of truth and freedom!Okay. Let me get this straight.You want us to just let chaos reign in our community so that everyone gets so scared that they'll, what, give us some sort of unlimited power to protect them?(scattered laughter)Haven't you been watching what's going on in the world?I'm just telling you what's happening, man.Mm-hmm. Young man...I appreciate that a lot of you chan guys feel empowered to join the rest of us in civil society now that Papa Bear Trump is telling you it's okay.But let me send you a message.This is a blip, a temporary intifada.I know it feels good to have your worst instincts validated, but don't be fooled.Use this opportunity, now that you're out of your parents' basement, to meet a few people that aren't like you.You are afraid.We are not.And with no one else to speak, let's vote on -.Those in favor.Opposed.Motion passes.On to the next order of business.(mutters incoherently)THOM: What was that?I said there is nothing more dangerous in this world than a humiliated man.ALLY: Our housekeeper is gone.Did I mention that?The moment that man got elected, she just stopped showing up and we don't know if she went back to Guatemala or was rounded up.It's awful.I honestly don't know how I'm gonna get through the next four years, Dr. Vincent.I really don't.My anxiety is just as intense now as it was on election night.I just keep reliving it over and over and it's triggered all the old phobias.And I thought I-I-I put that behind me years ago.- The recurrence of the coulrophobia?- Yes.The clowns.But also......confined spaces and, uh, uh, blood... particles in the air, the dark, that coral thing that's been staring at me since I came in here.- You have a fear of coral?- No.No, uh...I-I, uh...It's the holes. I... It's repulsive.It's been sitting there for months.Yes, I know, and I have been managing that.It's just... since election night everything is just so much worse.This is just like what happened to me in college after / when I couldn't leave my apartment.But you got through it.Ivy got me through it.Meeting her... wanting to be well enough to be with her... to prove to her that I was stable enough to make a life with.I was willing to white-knuckle it, but then I didn't have to... because Barack was elected and-and it was as if the universe... righted itself.I loved our president.I was proud of him.And for the first time, I was included in the discussion, in the world.Do you want to know how I'm dealing?I cut out social media.Deleted my Twitter account.I don't need to know every crazy thing that's happening in the world, especially if there's nothing I can do about it.I put all my energy into working out.You do look good.Heh.CrossFit?TRX.Now, I want you to check out of the world and into your life.And I'm prescribing a mild anti-anxiety medication.Oh, no. No, no, no.I-I-I don't like to take drugs.And I don't like prescribing them, but you need them.Look, we're all uneasy with the state of the world, but your reactions have been extreme and if you don't do something about it, it's going to affect your child, your marriage, everything.It already has.It's all gonna be okay.Is it?DONALD TRUMP: ...and a fair hearing for their concerns.But then the quiet voices became a loud chorus, as thousands of citizens now spoke out together from cities small and large... Seems slow tonight.